- Sirin

I roll over on my bed and look out the window and see Starr walking past. Her dark brown hair flowed over her shoulders like a dark waterfall. Unlocking the window, I push it up and poke my head out. I shout down to her "Hey Starr." She looks up at the high-rise building and sees my face. I wave and she smiles. "Your going to be late if you don’t leave you know" she shouts back, smiling.

"I'll be right down," I say, and I vanish from the window. I bolt out of my flat and down the stairs. Bursting from the front door, I see her walking away. I run up behind her and slow to her pace. Walking beside her I say, "You're going to wizardry lessons early?" 

She looks at me and replies with "Well I wanted to practice some more." She swirls her hands around each other and a tiny storm cloud appears between them. I notice that the people around us have started to clear a small area around us. I motion to her.

"I told you, you're not supposed to use magic in public. What if someone sees?" My voice sounds irritated in my own ears.

She notices and the cloud dissipates. We hurry off towards the lesson building and get there within five or so minutes. Why are people so afraid of wizardry? When we get to the building, we could see people physically trying to avoid it as if the area was cursed. Normal behavior for closed-minded humans. 

Starr walks in first, as confident as ever, and I follow. Several people turn their heads away as if disapproving of us. Inside the building, elemental patterns line the walls and floor with a large rug, displaying a large circle with ten symbols placed around it. Sitting on a shelf on the opposite side of the room, a set of wizard power containers lay still. Our teacher walks out from a side door, tensed as if scared of us.

"Few, I thought you might have been someone else". Annabelle says relieved.

Starr says, "Master if you don't mind, could I know who this someone else is?" I see her hover up and sit cross-legged in the air. 

"An old friend," Annabelle says. "Now then, let's get to the lesson." I sit down and cross my legs. I hover slowly upwards and attempt to move into a horizontal triangle shape with Starr and Annabelle. A loud knock comes from the door. I fall to the floor. I see Starr unfurl herself and float down to the ground. I look at her in annoyance as my tailbone burns. "Why are you so good at this?" I say, jokingly and Annabelle walks over to the door and opens it. Three men in black suits and sunglasses motion for her to follow them. "Come with us," one of them says. I and Starr stare towards them confused. We stand and as soon as they turn their backs, we sneak out of the building and I take off. I fly upwards, apexing and falling onto the top of the building and one of the men look back for a few moments before turning back to escort Annabelle inside of the armored truck. 

The truck sets off and Starr launches herself up next to me. She immediately runs and jumps off the edge of the building and redirects the air currents below her to give extra height. I follow and land on a close roof-top. 

"Follow that truck!" Starr shouts to me over the wind from her jump. I leap from the building, in time with her, and fly forwards. I lose co-ordination and fall, catching myself at the last second with a short blast of fire from below me. I look up at her as she soars between buildings.

"Seniti, I wish I could fly like that." I whisper under my breath I take off running, launching myself over a fence with a short burst of fire. Landing, I stumble slightly and continue running after the truck. I turn down an alley and launch myself onto the building at the end. Flying upwards, I summon several bursts of fire around myself, launching myself further into the sky, but taking my breath away in the process, and towards the truck. I reach the peak of my jump and begin to fall. Quickly, I burst flames beneath me and land, running, on the sidewalk. Running, I launch myself upwards and fling myself forwards with a sustained flame. I'm completely breathless, drowning in my own power's needs. I land in the center of an open parking lot, gulping down as much oxygen as possible to get back what I had lost from my flight. Looking back, I see Starr jumping over the rooftops towards me. She lands beside me and stares upwards at the building behind me. I turn to see a large industrial warehouse building and the truck we had been chasing. 

A group of men in black suits, just like the ones that we had seen take Annabelle, Once the last one disappears through the reinforced metal steel doors, I and Starr run after them and towards the door. I look up and see several security cameras. Starr follows my gaze. She flies up to it and sends a light electrical charge through it. the camera drops, discharged as its system tries to reboot. She moves on to the next and the next, getting the same result every time. I walk over to an air vent. I summon a small blue flame and hold it up to the padlock on the vent grate. It melts and I pull the grate off to find a rusted edge. Starr floats down next to me and we crawl in single file. I slide up a vertical vent as Starr hovers up behind me. I get to the horizontal part of the duct once more and crawl along with it. Crawling, I approach a small grate in the wall and look out through the slots. I spin myself around, slowly and with difficulty so that I and Starr can both look out of the grate at the same time. I see Annabelle in the room and a woman. The unknown woman stands up With her hair lying over half her face. She sweeps it aside and reveals half of her face to be covered in robotic parts. Me and Starr recoil from the grate. One of the men speak and we put our faces back to it "Miss Vectus, we have found this elemental wizard and think she may be useful to you."

Vectus nods and spins around to the grate. She replies, "Just saying, you could have been more discrete in taking the wizard. After all, seems someone has followed you. Gregory." I and Starr pull our heads away from the grate. Vectus walks over to the air vent and unlatches it. We fall to the floor with a crash. Annabelle looks at the floor and then at us with a look that essentially says 'Why did you follow me?' We stand up and Vectus smiles. I scowl at her. 

"You genuinely think we wouldn't add motion detectors in the vents? This is a prison for seniti's sake." I and Starr look at each other. "You may be wondering why we didn't just fill the vents with poisonous gas and close all the exits and grates that have access to the vents? Well, the reason is that wizards are now very useful to me and ,of course, the looks on your faces" She motions at us "is just much more satisfying." Starr hovers upwards and then falls. "Ha, never gets old." She pulls out a small prickly flower from her breast pocket. The buds on top slowly close. "Wizard's Bane flowers, funny things," Vectus says

"they remove nearby wizards' powers for quite a while," Annabelle finishes her sentence. Vectus walks up to her "Very good." She looks at me and Starr and says, "you never even had a chance." 

She sits down at her desk and says "Take them away Gregory, oh and give them one of the Wizard's Bane Rooms, we don't want the subjects getting out! They are now wanted fugitives after all due to the whole breaking and entering thing." We leave with a squad of six men after quite a bit of struggling that only stopped when Annabelle signaled to stop. We get taken to a rather nice-looking room if it wasn't for how plain it was and also on account of the glass of wizard's bane flowers on top of a rather large table, situated in the centre of the room. I walk over to one of the three beds and a floorboard creaks as it bends down into empty space with my foot. I stop and push down on the centre so that the edge moves up. I grab at it and wrench the board up to find a golden lined bottle, a small red ball, a bottle in the shape of a water droplet and a flower in the shape of a lightning bolt all sitting beneath the board. "Annabelle! Starr! think I've found something." I lift the strange things out of the compartment and dump them on the table. Annabelle runs over after seeing them and says, 

"Where on Fentix did you find these?!" She picks up the bottle and then places it down. She grabs the red ball and it bursts into fire. Clasping her hand around it she summons a small flame on her finger. 

"An eternal flame, Bolt flower and Infinite water drop." She sees me and Starr looking at her in questioning and says 

"They give extra power to the wizard of their type but are very rare. I'm guessing that the previous prisoner left them here for someone else to find. The only reason for that I can think of though is that they knew they were going to die..." she passes the fireball to me and Starr picks up the bolt flower. She hovers upwards. "Ha Ha back to normal. I have never felt so powerless in my life." She looks down and floats to the floor. Annabelle picks up the infinite water drop bottle and pours a bit on the floor then pours a small amount into her mouth. She walks over to the door and knocks three times. Two faces appear in the porthole and Annabelle lifts the water from the floor and chucks it at the glass cracking it severely. I run over and blast the metal door with a continuous waterfall of blue fire. The door begins to steam, and an alarm goes off. Annabelle smashes the glass and I melt through the rest of the door leaving stumpy, ragged spikes of metal sticking out of the edges of the door. I stand still, wondering why I'm not out of breath. Annabelle seems to guess what I'm thinking and explains "the flame essentially gives unlimited oxygen to you" I gape at the small ball of cold fire in my palm in amazement "It takes oxygen from exponentially further away from you to fuel the fire. Could have some interesting uses". She walks out to find the door abandoned and I follow with Starr. Annabelle walks out in front of us with a large block of water floating behind her. I follow, clutching the red fireball and Starr flies along beside me. We turn a corner and see several of the men from earlier as well as a large amount more. A loud shuffling comes from behind us and more soldiers holding 4BX blasters block our exit from the building. I summon a flame in my hand and Starr hovers upwards, towards the ceiling. 

The soldiers stand as still as statues, waiting for us to make the first move. I throw a fireball and the forces unfreeze and open fire. I ignite the ground at their feet and fire slowly builds upwards as they try to stamp it out. Annabelle throws the water out in all directions extinguishing the fire and throwing the soldiers back. The 4BX blasters short out and the soldiers drop them, pulling out some smaller hand-guns that must have been fully waterproof. Vectus walks around the corner. "Fear, it's fascinating isn't it," She says. 

I throw a fireball at her and she sidesteps. It splats against the wall. She looks at me. "Ah, that was fun." She runs at us and I throw five fireballs at her. She dodges every single one with incredible speed. Spinning, she kicks me in the ribs and sends me sprawling onto the floor. Dropping the eternal flame, she reaches down "Oooo another for my collection."

Starr flies into her side and knocks her onto the floor. I reach for the eternal flame and Vectus jumps up and places her foot on top of it. I get onto my feet and Annabelle forms the water around her fist, she slams it into the robotic side of Vectus, and she falls to the ground. We run down the passageway and turn into a double door that opens automatically to let us pass. Ahead of us, a blast door begins to lower. Starr slides underneath and I follow her example. Leaning down, I pull Annabelle through and the door seals shut. We spin around to find more blast doors closing by the second. Annabelle runs ahead and slides underneath the door. Me and Starr follow and The door shuts. I run around a corner and see a sealed door. I run to the other two pathways and see that they are also blocked. 

"Great, we're trapped," I say, and Starr looks at me with an annoyed expression. "What? It's sarcasm." 

"So then, what do we do now?" She says. I shrug at her. "Sit and wait I guess," I say. 

"You won't have to do much waiting then," Annabelle says as one of the blast doors lifts open to show Vectus and a small squad of enforcers. Another squadron of law enforcement officers, with some noticeable differences to their armor, run into view from around the corner. Visors slide down over their faces with several plates of solid vixium folding out of the open steel plating. The vixium then covers the steel plates to create a golden layer of protection on top of the already existing steel. "Do you like my additions to the law enforcer armour? It will be the norm of enforcers soon." Vectus asks. "I don't like it that much if I'm being honest with you," I say, and she sighs. I chuckle and clutch the eternal flame in my left hand. The law enforcers move forward to apprehend us. Chucking a ball of blue flame, it hits the chest area of one of the enforcers. The metal slightly deforms from the impact and heat from the magical fire. I move backwards, away from the strange metal, confused and slightly scared. How did that vixium absorb my fire? That shouldn't be possible. Vixium should only affect non-Ultix wizards. 

"What??" I say, vocalizing my confusion. Annabelle runs at them and forces a path through the law enforcers until they capture and apprehend her. I summon a blue flame above my hand and run at them. I burn through the Vixium with a sustained flame while avoiding being whacked on the head with a blaster. It begins to melt, and the other enforcers run at me. Starr throws them across the corridor and into a blast door. It erupts with fire and opens. Me and Starr run down the passage as the enforcers' fire volley after volley of metal bullets after us. We find the exit as the flames engulf the building. We run out quickly and look behind us after getting to around 10 meters from it. The building collapses behind us, in our wake.