Walking forwards, the people in-front of me clear to get out of my way. I stride into the circle, surrounded by the crowd, and slam my fist into the earth wizard. She neglects to notice my approach, focused on fighting Angela, my sister. The wizard falls to the ground, pushed with a great force away from me. "That one do any damage?" I say to Angela and she grins back with a crazed glint in her eye.

"You think one of those commoners could harm me?" She muses with mock surprise. "Though you probably shouldn't go around giving the wizards brain damage" she continues and I grin.

"How else am I supposed to get test subjects?". I stop and look around.

"Clear this courtyard of people" I yell. My enforcers react immediately and I see them clearing out the area. "People seem surprisingly interested in wizard fights" I say under my breath to Angela "Probably like seeing them beat each other up. Gives them back their confidence." She smirks.

She hits her heels together and a coin falls out of the back of each shoe. She hits her heels together and a coin falls out of the back of each shoe. I see her shove the coins forwards and under the large sliding door. I look over as the door unlocks and begins opening. The coins fly towards Angela's hands, freed from the prison of metal. 

"So what are we doing here, other than gathering more test subjects of course?" She asks. 

"I'm going to show you something," I say and I walk over to a workbench to pick up a small, ornately carved, wooden box. I open it and pull out a metal ring. I slip it onto my finger and focus my thoughts on it. A small jet of flame ignites on the tip of my finger. 

"What is that?" Angela asks, her curiosity piqued. 

"A ring that lets me control fire," I say. "I've been working on it for a while." 

"Now that is an interesting invention," she states I slip it off my finger and hand it to her. She slips it on and focuses her mind on it. A small jet of flame ignites on the tip of her finger. She grins. 

"Based on the research you've been doing on essence thieves and the way they can store wizardry I'm guessing." She contemplates. 

"I know," I say. "I still need to work out the kinks, but I think it has potential." 

"Well, your right about that, the potential of this is endless for military applications against any who would stand against us," she says. She hands the ring back to me, seeming reluctant and I slot it back into it's cavity within the box. We slip out of the garage and back into the courtyard. I hit the button on the door and it slides closed.

"I'll leave you to it then," Angela says and she turns and walks away.