"Hey, you still there?" says Tinyé. I had zoned out as we climbed Hallins Peak just west of Syliria, one of the largest cities in Heraghoul's pit. The sky is clouded with grey fog from the Vengran Vents system, 3 km North of our current location. 

"Yes, I simply zoned out I guess" I reply indignantly. 

"At this view?" he scoffs as we reach the top of the mountain. I walk over to the cliff edge. A massive valley stretches out before us. Trees cover the Northern half of the valley and light stretches across the blue, clear parts of the sky in the distance. A soft breeze wafts my hair into my face. I sweep it aside and gaze at the sight ahead of me. There wasn't the slightest mark of human civilisation for miles in this direction, all the way to the edge. The edge is like a wall, an infinitely large wall that curves upwards to a Centerpoint 100 times taller than even the tallest point of the Spire, a massive structure built directly in the centre of our universe. It is one of the greatest works of humankind, with over a kilometre of height, and yet it is still dwarfed in scale by the mountain ranges surrounding the massive city of over 22 thousand inhabitants. 

"Isn't it amazing, untouched by mankind and yet so close to a central trade hub?" Tinyé says, unaware of my mind's excursion into the construction of our world. 

"Yeah" I whisper and sit down, legs hanging over the edge of the cliff. I grab a latch on my shoulder and pull down, unhooking the wings of my flight suit. Tinyé sits down next to me.

"Parachute?" he asks me and I nod. He stands up and I launch myself away from the cliff edge. 

My wings fall into position behind me, mirroring my arms, and I plunge downwards. The ground rushes towards me and I tilt upwards just quickly enough to miss the ground by a few meters of space. Adrenalin singing through my blood, I speed forwards, gliding over the river at the base of the valley. Suddenly, I see something in the distance. A light? No, it's moving too fast to be a light. I can make out a shape now. It's a bird! The first living thing I've seen in months! I change course to follow it. 

It's flying erratically as if it's injured. I follow it for a few minutes until it disappears into a cave on the side of the mountain. I land in front of the cave and peer inside. It's too dark to see anything. I take a step forward and my foot hits something. I bend down and feel around in the darkness. It's a bird! I pick it up and carry it out into the light. It's a small sparrow, and it's injured. There's a gash on its leg. I take off my scarf and wrap it around the wound. The sparrow chirps at me, and I smile. I take off my jacket and lay it down, gently placing the sparrow on the jacket and tying the sleeves around it. I pick up the bundle and take off into the sky. 

I fly back to Syliria and take the sparrow to the nearest animal hospital. The doctors there take care of the wound and tell me that the sparrow will make a full recovery. I smile and walk back out into the city, feeling happy that I was able to help the little bird. Something dark grips my mind as I remember a slight glint of metal in the cave. I turn around and walk back to the animal hospital. 

"I'm sorry to bother you again, but do you happen to have a map of the area around Syliria?" I ask the receptionist. 

"Yes, we do," she says She grabs a map of the area from under the front desk and I look for the cave. There is no mention of the cave, almost as if it doesn't exist. I take the map and walk out of the hospital. I follow the streets until I reach the edge of the city. I find the cave and walk inside. It's dark, but I can see a light shining in the distance. I walk towards the light and find a small opening in the rock. I crawl through the opening and stand up. I'm in a large cavern. In the centre of the room is a metal object. I walk towards it and examine it. It's a small metal gemstone. 

I walk closer and it seems to pulse energy outwards from it. I reach out to touch it and my hand is engulfed in bright light. I turn away at the sight and the light disappears. I look back and the gemstone is gone. In its place is a small metal sphere. I pick it up and examine it. It's cool to the touch and feels heavy in my hand. I put it in my pocket and walk back out of the cave. I don't know what the object is, but I'm sure that it's important. I need to find someone who can help me figure out what this thing is. I'll take it to the Spire and show it to the scientists there. They'll know what to do with it. On the way to Syliria, I find Tinyé walking down the path from Hallin's Peak. 

"Hey! I found something you're going to want to see!" I call out to him. He walks over to me and I show him the sphere. 

 "What is it?" he asks. 

"I don't know, but I'm going to take it to the Spire and find out," I reply. 

"I'll come with you," he says. 

"Sorry, but you can't. It will only take a few hours to get there with my flight suit as opposed to the 2 or so weeks of travel time that it would take to get there on foot" I reply distastefully. 

"I understand," he says, dejected. 

"But don't worry, I'll be back soon enough," I say, trying to sound reassuring. 

"Be careful" he says as I begin the journey back up Hallin's Peak. I fly towards the Spire, the metal sphere heavy in my pocket. I don't know what it is, but I'm sure that the scientists at the Spire will be able to help me figure it out. I arrive at the base of the Spire and show the sphere to the science division of the city. They are baffled by it and have no idea what it is. I'm about to give up when one of them suggests that I take it to the Magi. They are a group of people who are said to have magical powers. They live in a tower on the other side of the city. 

I decide to try my luck and head to the tower. I arrive at the tower and knock on the door. A man answers and I explain my situation. He listens and then tells me to follow him. He leads me to a room where a woman is sitting at a table. She tells me to place the sphere on the table. I do as she says and she looks at it for a few minutes before she speaks. 

"This is a powerful magical object. It should not be in the hands of anyone who does not know how to use its power." she says. 

"What is it?" I ask. 

"It's a wish stone. It can grant any wish, but It can be very dangerous," she warns. 

"Thank you for your help," I say as I turn to leave. 

"May I ask where you found such an object," She asks and I turn, 

"I found it in a small cave, to the east of Syliria" I reply and she nods. 

I pick up the stone and walk back to the science division. I show them the stone and explain what it is. They are amazed and want to study it further. I agree to let them study it, but I take it back to my room first. I sit down and hold the stone in my hand. I think about what I want. I want to be able to help people. I want to make a difference in the world. I close my eyes and make my wish. I open my eyes and the stone is gone. In its place is a small metal disk. I pick it up and examine it. It has symbols all around the edge. I don't know what they mean, but I'm sure that the scientists will be able to figure it out. 

I put the disk in my pocket and head back to the science division. I show the disk to the scientists and they are able to decode the symbols. They tell me that the disk is seemingly a key to a powerful magical artefact. They don't know where the artefact is, but they say that it is very dangerous and should not be used lightly. I thank them for their help and put the disk in my pocket.

I fly back to Tinyé and tell him about the disk. He's excited and wants to know what it does. I tell him that I don't know yet, but I'm going to keep it safe until I can figure out what to do with it.