I soar through the atmosphere, gazing down at the alien planet with wonder. Sentient life forms inhabiting a planet so close to Gretocarte seemed like sheer insanity, yet here they were. As I descend into the lower atmosphere, my HUD alerts me to an incoming projectile of massive proportions, resembling a large school bus. The sheer force of such an attack seems excessive. Swiftly, I maneuver to the right, narrowly avoiding the missile. However, the impact clips my oxygen tank, causing precious liquid oxygen to leak into the vacuum of space. Helplessly, I plummet towards the planet's surface, feeling as though I am being dragged down by a colossal creature anticipating its next meal.

Desperately, I engage my thrusters and push forward, hurtling towards the ground. Flipping my body in mid-air, I gradually increase my downward thrust to counteract the fall. Despite my efforts, I crash into the ground within a small forested area.

As I rise to my feet, several inhabitants of the planet rush into the clearing I created, aiming their rifles at me. Surprised by their hostility, I ponder the name the locals might have given their planet. One of them steps forward and urges me to surrender my weapons to avoid harm. "Surrender your weapons and we won't hurt you." she says seeming confused.

"Why should I do that?" I retort, questioning their intentions.

In an extraordinary display, I leap into the air, propelled by my powerful arm thrust. Projectiles rain down upon me as my captors fire their weapons, aiming to incapacitate me with electric shocks. However, instead of rendering me unconscious, the bolts collide with my armor, deactivating numerous nanobots. Immediately, they physically lock to the bots next to them and become loose from the power surge. The unstable weight, no longer held up by the exoskeleton, forces me downward toward the ground. Slamming into the ground, air is shoved out of my lungs. These strangely familiar beings rush in with Kevlar reinforced rope as my suit begins to constrict back into its original shape. I stand as they wind the Kevlar around me. Straining, the rope pulls taught and it begins to fray. They continue, winding the cord around around and around. Resisting my efforts more by the second. An electric bolt is slammed into my back and hits the neural receiver. My HUD deactivates and the suit slumps over.

I should have enabled the mark 7 configuration. Idiot.

Not for the first time, the air is knocked from my lungs as the weight of my unsupported suit, now loose, plunges me into the ground. I sit in the darkness as I hear the sound of myself being dragged across the floor.

My eyes snap open and I find myself strapped to a steel chair, how did they remove the suit. Oh hell, do they have any idea how fiddly it was to fix a cut up nanobot...

Probably not.

I look up. Metal lines cover the walls of the room with a single chair sat opposing me. To my amazement, the moment I placed my eyes upon it a person sparked into existence, 

'I am truly out of my depth.'

They had a strong build and deep blue eyes. Those pupils drilled into me, giving off the impression that he could figure out what he needed to know without even asking a single question. He stood in a smooth motion, removing himself from the intricately carved chair. 

"So Is Kamodia sending assassins now?" He says in a relatively calm voice. Un undertone of threat put me on edge. I sit, confused.

"So is Kamodia a city here?" I say, diverting the question.

"Don't play dumb, I think we should both know that you're not from this world" he says with a sigh of annoyance "and if you really don't know, Kamodia is a planet not a city." I look at him dumbfounded. 

A space faring race that lives barely a few weeks from us and yet no contact between us and them... at least as far as we know...

He leans back in his chair as if confident that he had gotten something out of me even though I hadn't given up any information. He gets up and walks to the door. He whispers something inaudible through a slit in it's center. I fall to the ground, the chair having been pulled into the wall, folding out from under me, loosening the ropes. I stumble upwards unsure on my footing. "we have decided to free you" he says and my heart leaps at the prospect of leaving this idiot's sight. 

"On one condition" My excitement drains out of me as I hear his words. "You simply need to tell us your planet of origin" he says smoothly. "Begna" creating a name on the spot. Only after realizing how stupid they would need to be in order to believe me and of my own stupidity at underestimating their possible knowledge. "False" he says in an unsurprisingly disapproving tone.

I stand, annoyed. They look directly at me and smile. "We have more intelligence than you anticipated, I assume." I stop and attempt to contact my suit via the weak neural transmitter placed within the back part of my shirt, they should have replaced my clothes, idi... no wait i've used that insult too much. I feel a slight change in the vibrancy of my surroundings as the transmitter syncs with my neural pathways and begins to link to the larger transmitters located within the supposed pile of my stored nanobots. I stall. "so how exactly do you know about other planets, yet never decided to contact them?" I already knew this answer from his first question but I needed time to link with my suit. "Well, I thought you would be smart enough to figure that out yourself but I guess I overestimated your intelligence" I clench my fists at the insult. "Well, Kamodia and Cartoria were enemies around 20 thousand years ago, almost resulting in the complete wipe out of hundreds of thousands of people on each and every planet in this entire solar system. We never contacted for pretty obvious reasons wouldn't you say" The nanobots finished their boot up sequence and I send a command to move towards me as silently as possible. I hear a faint shattering of glass and water splashing onto the floor. Hah, I muse to myself storing the nanobots underwater, they really thought that they wouldn't be waterproof, what kind of people are these?

The other person in the room turns and looks at me, I smile at him. He looks back towards me and I issue a command to completely ignore stealth and to get to me as quickly as possible. 

My captor stares at me in disbelief. "Why? you know you wont get out of here without heavy machinery". 

"Thats exactly what I have, I guess I overestimated your intelligence" firing back his own insult.

His face turns pale as the implications hit him like a brick to the skull. The only exit in this dark room opens as he runs out. 

Just 5 more seconds. 

My "captor" bolts back through the door, this time holding a rather nasty looking gun. Strange how design principles stay the same despite celestial body. "If I kill you, this is all over." He whispers under his breath and raises the gun to my undefended self. The door opens behind him, drenching his body in a wave of nanobots. Last time i checked, i didn't give the robots the ability to reproduce so this has only one explanation. 

Ha, they were cloning them to use for themselves. 

A tunnel opens, the nanobots shoving themselves out of the way, parting for an unknown person. I pull on the bots, commanding them to close the tunnel but these bots ignore my every attempt. Panic sets in. Someone strolls towards me, calm and collected. A few of the nanobots listen, crawling towards me. The rest from my original suit are likely trapped in the seething mass. I construct a gauntlet and a long, curved blade out of the robots. This person has to have a transmitter on their person, otherwise they couldn't control my nanobots. Seems they removed my encryption keys on their cheap knockoffs too. This was only getting better. This guy's transmitter was lodged into the back of a half helmet, near the nape of the neck, where it would get the best signal. The person lifts an arm and the gauntlet, and sword fall off my hand and explode into thousands of the tiny bots. They streak over the ground between me and my enemy, latching onto his arm and forming into a gauntlet of their own. The dark visor covering her face folds up to the back of their head, HER. 

"done?" she says, high pitched, how had I mistaken a detail that obvious. I push myself backwards and down into the nanobots. The bots next to my transmitter begin linking to other bots and broadcasting, over the physical connection in each of the nanobot's 8 legs. I issue a command to around fifty thousand bots to create a full neural transmitter. The only limitation of this tech was either knowing the exact arrangement of something like a neural transmitter, or having to preprogram the design in. I feel a push and half of my bots stop responding entirely. I pull, forcing the nanobots under my influence once more. The nanobots finish sculpting the neural transmitter and I place it onto the back part of my neck. Almost instantly, the signal power jumping to over 20x what I had before and about 5x more than my opponent, the bots form up around me and mold into the MK7. The HUD fires up as an opaque shield of display bots cover my face, forming lenses and I look onto blackness. My bots fall down underneath me and my vision clears. I broadcast a command to the bots being used by the other person in the room and almost all of them fly over to me. All except for those close enough to my enemies broadcaster that they would ignore everything else. I launch my bots at the helmet. If they get the design of the bots they could kill millions, and worse than that, it would be my fault. One thing to mention is that cloning doesn't download the design of the bot, it only duplicates it (However it is also much faster and doesn't require molecular scanning tech)  I run forward, propelling myself with the swarming mass of cloned bots. I fly into the side of her and she topples over and continues scanning. I throw my Nano bots towards the section of about five thousand that she's scanning, linking them together and locking together the. I sweep some more of the swarm around the back of her head and carefully remove the neural transmitter and the helmet falls apart around her head. I rip the roof open using my bots as spiked arms and launch myself out, propelled by a massive army of tiny robots. People pile into the room almost directly after and I send a command to the bots to reform into 5 Mk6 suits and for the excess to store themselves in my fuel tank. I activate my thrusters as I begin to fall back down to the ground. Thrust pushes me skyward, shoving against the forces of gravity.