Paper was scattered down the long winding corridors. The shadowy haze of smoke drifted through the ruins of what was once a school. Dented, damaged and ripped apart, lockers lay smashed on the floor twisted and burnt. The echo of the explosion sent vibrations through the dusty battered floor. A spider web of shattered glass waited for a victim. Doors hung precariously on their hinges;  padlocks were strewn across the floor, snapped in half; wallpaper had begun to peel and looked as if it was trying to rip itself apart. The school now looked close to alien when compared to the place it had once been. Dust swirled, leaving the smell of smoke that hung over the school, the taste of fear that sat on everything, a violent explosion had occurred. Almost no life was present. Among the rubble a small boy sat eyes closed and air spinning around him. Never once touching a single part of him. His eyes snap open and they fill with horror. Confused, shocked and scared he walked cautiously towards the exit of the nightmare. The wind slows and dissipates from around him. Lights above him flicker as he walks through the dark building. 

As a lone teacher flees from the building, her coat flaps in the light wind. Slamming the doors into their frames as she leaves. She darts towards a stationary police car and sees an enforcer next to it. "H-Help" She stammered, barely able to speak. The officer asks "What happened?" he managed to keep a straight face and not display his fear to the teacher, his brain searched frantically for an answer to what might have happened to scare this teacher so much. "A boy, L-L-Lightning, T-Tornado, O-Our School" she stuttered. The officers face began to display his fear towards the described boy despite his best efforts not to. "A wizard" he whispered under his breath. She raises a trembling finger and the enforcer turns "Him" The teacher says and passes out, falling onto the ground. 'this isn't over'. A boy runs from the building, followed by the officer. "STOP!" The officer yells, but the boy only responds by running faster. The officer draws his gun and fires a warning shot into the air. The boy doesn't even flinch. The officer prepares to fire again but is hit by a bolt of lightning and is thrown several feet back. The boy disappears into the night.