- Sirin

"So Annabelle didn't get out, I'm guessing?" I say, increasingly scared and Starr looks back to the building.

"She's gone." Starr acknowledges sadly.

"Ok, look we need to get away from here as quickly as possible. We don't want to be here when the enforcers show up to investigate." I say in a low tone and we jog reluctantly away from the smoldering building. I glance back then continue onwards. Starr launches herself forward and I follow. When we reach the main city square, a large electronic build board switches to a giant wanted poster of me and Starr. We run from the square and a line of law enforcers block our path out. Vixium folds out of their armor. 'Great.' They run forward and I summon a light blue flame intermingled with brown. The square empties as people run for safety from the fight. Some had their phones out and were filming. I thrust the flame into the Vixium of the first enforcer that comes at me. It vaporizes into black smog and the enforcer attacks me frantically. I smash my foot into his stomach and knock him to the floor, unconscious. Several other enforcers surround me and I launch myself upward with a explosion of fire beneath me. I land outside of the circle and spin around to see an enforcer fire at me. My chest erupts with pain as the 4bx slug slams into my ribs. I fall to the floor and try to stand up. I can't. A huge gust of wind throws me in the air. I float. Starr flies over to me. 

"You took quite a beating there" she says and the pain begins to subside. She flies me and her out of the square. People back away to let us pass. I look at their faces and see only absolute fear and terror. 'Wizards aren't evil? Or in their view are we? They took our lives, they should be scared.' Starr flies me back to her apartment and she grabs an apple off the side of her kitchen countertop. I take it and bite into it. My chest feels as though it explodes as my bones knit themselves together. 'That is a horrid magic.' I lie down on the floor and black out. When I wake, Starr is shaking me and saying urgently something over and over. It becomes distorted as I listen and all of a sudden it clears.

"How long was I out?" I clarify and she replies "around 3 hours, but don't mind that, we have bigger problems. There is a large armed squad of law enforcers surrounding the block as we speak."

I look up at her, my mind suddenly alert. I try to get up but my muscles stiffen. I stretch them out and loosen them up. I stand. Starr leads me out of the apartment and we race down the stairs. We reach the bottom and Vectus steps in through the front door. "Going somewhere?" I stare at her in absolute hatred "I have the building surrounded so there's no funny business. Also don't bother trying to fly away I have several helicopters circling this spot all ready to fire at whatever leaves through the roof." I look at Starr. I look back at Vectus. 

"Well then you've caught us, but what now?" She turns around to face the wall and jests "Hmm I hadn't thought that far" Me and Starr dart back up the building and Starr flies up the stairs. I take off and manage to catch up with her before noticing a helicopter ready with missiles to fire on the building. I fall to the floor and slam my face into the top stair, my nose begins bleeding. 'not the best time.' I ignore it and step up to the top floor, wiping my nose on my shirt as I step upwards. I follow Starr and we go straight to the top of the roof. She stops at the door and closes her eyes. I hear thunder from outside and charges begin to build up. In a split second, it discharges. Taking the path of least resistance, the lightning zaps upwards from the ground, through the helicopters and into the clouds. The Helicopters immediately spiral downwards towards the enforcers as they scatter. The occupants of the helicopters jump out and parachute down. Me and Starr run out of the top entrance and we see Vectus running after us. Starr jumps off the building and hovers. 

"I can't follow you, go on without me!" I yell after her.

"Jump!" she shouts to me. I shake my head and leap from the building. Closing my eyes, I wait for my end but it doesn't come. I open my eyes to feel myself hovering in the air almost perfectly level with the top of the building. I move around in the air, testing my newly found waters. I'm doing it! I fly forward and then backward. I look back at Vectus to see her grab a 36a blaster. I drop myself downwards and she fires. I move to the left to dodge it and throw a fireball at Vectus and she ducks. I jet away from the city center and Starr follows. She takes the lead and speeds across the sky. I catch up and pull up beside her at her speed.

Once we reach the edge of the city, we drop down and I decelerate before hitting the ground. Landing, I stand up. I look from one side to the other as I notice how abruptly the city ends and the slums begin. Small houses covered in corrugated metal and fabric cover the outskirts of the city. I walk over to the entrance to the slums and Starr follows as I walk down into the small, cheaply made city (if you could even call it that). A squad of law enforcers with, red painted, general law enforcer armor turn the corner on our street and notice us in our wizard outfits. We really need to get rid of those. I run and Starr follows, gliding off the ground and begins to fly forward. I follow and glide up beside her. One of the law enforcers fire a grappling hook at my foot and it tangles in my shoe lace. I am pulled to the ground and forced onto the floor by three enforcers. My hands are pinned down and I try to move them with no success. Starr flies down and blasts them with a huge gust of wind. They fly off of me and I glide up to beside Starr, unhooking the rope and as we rocket down the street of corrugated metal houses, a huge squad of enforcers come round the corner. We drop to the ground. I roll to soften my fall and Starr uses a sudden burst of wind. A single man beckons to me and I follow. Starr looks at me and sees me walking away. I look back at her and motion to her to follow. The man leads us down an alley and into a small doorway. I hesitate but he shows me his wizardry and summons a small flame. 

'finally another wizard.' I think to myself. Starr follows and as soon as we are out of the street I say "thanks" his eyes widen 

"aren't you the two wizards who defeated a whole squad of Vixium enforcers? It's spreading like a wildfire through the wizard community." I nod and his eyes widen further "Oliver Black at your service. Completely off the grid. Nobody in the higher part of law enforcement even knows I even exist as a wizard. Only wizards know of me" Starr says, much to my surprise "thanks but we don't really need any help" I look at her in surprise. She sees my expression and explains "Look, I just really don't want to bring anybody else into this. We have already lost someone to Vectus and we don't want to possibly lose another." 

He responds "I'm coming with you. If anything I just want to get rid of whoever is behind the prosecution of our kind."

I stand. "That settles it. You're part of the team. So then, want to go kick out those enforcers from this area?"

Walking out of the small hiding house, Starr, me and Oliver see the large squad of enforcers walk into the main city. I glide upwards and wobble slightly in the air. I see a single enforcer on each end of the lane. I glide back down saying "there is a single enforcer posted on each end of this lane. Roughly twenty enforcers are currently posted around the corners of the bottom of this lane" Starr nods and we run down the lane away from where the mass of enforcers are. We travel around and into a connecting road. We continue down it until I find the edge of the city that I know contains a safe house. An enforcer sports me hovering and rushes to get his communication device on he fumbles with it for a few seconds before turning it on. I signal to Starr and she blasts the enforcer straight into one of the rusty metal shacks. To my surprise the shack doesn't collapse. The enforcer stays in the same position. Unconscious, he falls to the floor. We jog up some steps and onto the main raised city area. I lead the way towards a small secret passage. When we get to the building, I look up. Pushing a stone into the wall, a chunk of the wall pulls itself backwards and slides to the side. I walk in. Starr and Oliver follow me into the tunnel. The chunk rumbles back into place. I see a light as I turn around a corner. It flickers before turning off. After a few seconds it flickers back on and at each end of the corridor a set of two ragged 'guards' appear. One says "Password?"

"Evengry Ohki Nevah" - ("World of Wizards" in Septin). They step aside to let us pass but block Starr and Oliver from following.

"They're with me" I say in a sigh and they stand aside for Starr and Oliver to continue. I push aside a curtain and walk into the main area. A large canteen area sits ahead of me and Starr. Oliver follows and they look around. I see an empty booth and we walk over to it. After a few minutes Starr stands up and says "I'm going to get a drink, do either of you want one?" I shake my head. She looks at Oliver and says "I'm fine." She walks away. I sit awkwardly with Oliver for a few drawn out moments before he asks "Isn't there a tournament today?" I look over to the posters and read the dates.

"Today is up there. Says that the prize is a hundred Silver credits. I guess we could do with some credits but if we did participate, we would need to lay a bit low in order to ensure we don't become well known" Oliver looks at me with his eyebrows raised in expectation. I sigh "Ok, MORE well known"

"I would be fine with that" Starr says as she walks up to the booth and sits down.

"So how many credits is it?" She asks.

"One gold credit. Or 100 silver." I answer

"That's the same thing but ok." She responds and stands up. Walking out of the booth, she says "You going too?" I stand and follow as she walks out of the booth. 

"Yea sure. We could do with the credits. Oliver, if you want to watch the tournament then you take the stairs over there" I point to the corner of the room where a largish spiral staircase sat. 

I see several people walking up it and I walk over to the door at the other end of the room. A single guard stands in the way. He looks at us. Then steps out of the way for us to enter the open door. I walk into a small waiting area and see twelve others sitting up against the wall. I walk over to the man standing next to the board that showed all the fights. He looks at us and says "a storm and elemental ey?" I nod. "names?" He says and I say "Sirin". Starr answers with her name and the man puts my name in the first bracket and Starr in the third bracket with elemental next to my name and storm next to hers. I see metal beside my opponents name. Since when was there such thing as a metal wizard? I stand and scratch my head as an announcement says "bracket one please enter the arena". I look at Starr and walk up into the arena. I see a relatively large, underground, close to perfectly circular stadium. On the other end of the arena, I see my opponent. Metal bracelets encircle her wrists and hoop earrings hang from her ears. I hover upwards and I see her face covered in annoyance. In the middle of the stadium roof hangs a digital screen. It flickers on and displays, Ready, Set, GO. It switches to a scoreboard, signaling the beginning of the match. I fly towards my opponent and throw ball of blue fire directly at her and she grabs a single bronze credit from her pocket, hurling it at the fireball. It flies straight through the flame, extinguishing it and it slows to a stop, still trailing small coils of fire, reversing it's direction and launching itself back towards her hand. She catches it and immediately drops it, waving her hand around to cool it down. 