- Sirin

I look at her as more bronze flashes from her hands in retaliation. They streak towards me and I dodge out of the way. She smirks as I drop to the floor in order to get out of the speeding metal's path. She grabs a set of coins from her pocket and throws them towards me. They slam into my chest and in doing so, push me, as if magnetized, into the stone wall behind me. I grit my teeth as the coins force their way forward. I stop and focus. I ignore the pain and think. I grind myself up the wall and spot several other people in the crowd holding metal that seemed to be evaporating. There were several others that looked like storm wizards. They were directing the vapor to my opponent. She looks away and I feel the coin loosen a bit, I take the opportunity and wind rushes away from me. I drop downwards as the vapor gets completely blown off course. I run at her and she goes to shoot another coin but it falls to the ground a few feet in front of her. She realizes her predicament and runs at me. I jump, in surprise at her decision, into the air at the sudden move. She forms a fire ball around her fist and launches it upwards. I dodge to the side and the commentator issues the signal to end the fight. I drift down to the floor with the wind blowing in my ears. 

The commentator continues "Rule violation 23, entering false information. As such, the fight goes to Sirin, the elemental wizard" I look around, only now noticing that the crowd has gone completely silent. I glance over at my former opponent and see orange law enforcer armor flying from the audience, held upwards by the people who had been creating the strange vapor. The enforcer launches the metal armor towards me, curving it to take me right in the shoulder. I jump upwards and dodge it at the last second. The observers in the crowd seem stunned for the first few moments and then begin attacking the enforcer and her compatriots. Most of the people at this tournament are wizards and have some kind of magical ability. I land on the floor and begin running for the exit. Oliver rockets down from the audience sitting area and runs beside me. "So that went well!" he shouts, with enthusiasm, over the deafening shouts of wizards attacking the traitors of their race. 

"Ha, those traitors will probably be dead before we even get out of here!" I yell back to him. "Also, my ears hurt"

Starr glides down and runs on my other side. "So, how are we getting those credits?" she asks.

"Hadn't thought of that, been kind of occupied with getting out of here." I reply as we reach the side gate. I begin cutting through the locked door with a blue flame, making me slightly more needing of breath. After a few seconds, I have melted the lock mechanism and I push the door open. Turning, I see a single piece of metal swerve and launch itself towards me. I launch a dot of white fire, immediately reducing my oxygen supplies to nothing, and it flies straight into the metal, melting it into goop. I double over in a coughing fit as my body tries to cope with the instantaneous loss of most of my breath. I breathe in multiple large breaths of air as I recuperate my oxygen. Starr looks at me.

"you really needed to use a white flame for that?" Starr says confused. I nod "If I hadn't, the metal would solidify much faster. Lets get out of here" i explain and begin running away from the door, through a reception looking room. I run out of the entrance tunnel and am greeted by a set of enforcers. I launch myself upwards, pushing off of the ceiling and launching my feet into the first one's head before they could react. The second turns to me and grabs a wizard power container from their belt, activating it, and throwing it towards me. I shoot a burst of fire towards it and it stops mid air, spinning down to the floor. I look at it and see a small timer sitting on-top of the container. 

'Oh no' I jump backwards. Launching myself with a giant burst of fire as a massive wave of flames, electricity, ice and stone emanates from the bomb, engulfing everything in it's path, including the very enforcer who activated it. In an instant the bomb disintegrates and the fire disappears with the electricity, becoming thick black smoke. Ice clatters to the floor, shattering into millions of pieces. And large chunks of rock fall along with the ice to the floor, breaking slightly. I move forwards, running out of the small tunnel with Oliver and Starr to immediately be confronted by a small army of Vectus's enforcers, each covered in Vixium's golden bronze. After launching a set of flames towards each enforcer that I can see, I launch myself upwards and away from the barricade using a large cone of fire beneath me, leaving a black circle on the pavement beneath me, Oliver and Starr fly up to beside me and I land on-top of a nearby roof. Vectus emerges from the crowd of enforcers and points over to my location. hello

"We need to move. In a few minutes they will have us surrounded" says Oliver as he launches himself backwards off of the roof, only to right himself midair and fly away from the area. I take off after him and Starr follows me. I fall to the pavement, easing my fall with a jet of fire beneath me. Pedestrians dodge out of the way as I run down the sidewalk. Starr flies above me and Oliver lands on a rooftop slightly ahead of me. I jump, summoning a jet of fire to shove myself into the wall. I run upwards, falling sideways onto the rooftop. "We need to go somewhere else" I say as Starr lands beside me. 

"I would agree with that if we had somewhere to go." she says. 

"I know a place in the south forest that we could use as a 'base of operations' but it's not in the best condition" I reply. "We could go and fix it up, perhaps make it into a permanent residence to hide out in." A single coin whips through the air, hovering in front of me for a second before yanking me backwards, giving me the feeling of weightlessness. I fall downwards onto the pavement and I see a set of over twenty more similar coins fly into Starr and Oliver in order to, presumably, prevent them from moving or interfering. The traitorous wizard appears at the top of my vision, leaning over me. Her visor slides up to show a large grin on her face. I launch a single fireball towards her and it stops dead as it hits a large Vixium plated shield slightly out of my view. I burn away the coin holding me down and launch myself upwards. I apex, spinning myself around to get a good look of the enforcer. 

'Where are those people who seemed to be powering that enforcer's wizardry?' I think to myself 'They have to be nearby. I fall downwards and launch myself forward as a storm of coins emerge from nearby buildings and launch themselves towards me. I see Starr and Oliver getting hovered towards the back of a truck. A jet of fire appears behind Oliver, melting away the metal and disconnecting it from the enforcer's control. The remaining coins force him backward and he launches himself backwards and up, breaking free of the metal and joining the fight. He launches several fireballs down towards the enforcer and I launch myself into the nearest building through a window. A single man and woman stand in front of me and I blast them into the wall with a gust of wind. I jump back out of the window. 'I could just cut off the supply of that smoke stuff. I don't need to take out every last one of those and summon a large gust of wind towards the enforcer. They are pushed backwards a couple of meters and the metal coins around Starr drop to the floor. She launches herself backwards and flies away from the prison truck. 

Starr blasts a stream of air towards the enforcer and blocks any more of the vapor from getting to them. I land and run towards the enforcer, launching myself upwards as a large squad of plain white armored enforcers turn the corner into the road.  They see us and point their weapons. I land, kicking the enforcer in the head as I fall down. She crumples to the floor, unconscious. 'One less thing to worry about' I think to myself and jump upwards, out of the way, as a barrage of bullets fly towards me. Falling, I hit the ground running. I jump, turning mid-air and launching a semi circle of fire backwards, expanding outwards and engulfing the enforcers chasing me. I land, and continue running. I see several enforcers stationed on roofs up ahead. I blast a controlled cone of flames beneath me, launching myself upwards and pulling the breath from my lungs. I pull oxygen towards me by changing the air currents in order to satisfy the flame's hunger. I skyrocket upward, leaving the ground scorched in my wake. I stop myself mid-air and hover, wobbling slightly as I look down on the world I know. 

A giant city stretches out below me and I fall, accelerating downward as I fly towards Fentix. I push myself upwards with a jet of fire before I hit the pavement, a few blocks away and see Starr and Oliver flying over towards me, pursued by a full squad of law enforcers covered once again in their Vixium gold. I jump backwards, away from the enforcers and I see Starr accelerate with Oliver following close behind. I redirect air and pull a giant cloud of dust from the ground. My arms begin to ache as I push the air around me in a ring, spinning it around at a quickly accelerating speed. I let go and it launches outwards in a hail of tiny rocks, cutting down any enforcers at ground level. I ground myself. Starr and Oliver land next to me and a set of more enforcers run round the corner. 

"how many of them are there?" Starr says. 

"I don't know but I think we should leave. If we stay here, the only thing that will happen is more enforcers will come until we get overpowered" I reply.

"I agree with that. Didn't you say you knew a place earlier" Oliver queries me. 

"It's a place in the woods."

"Lets get there before we get surrounded" Starr replies and hovers off the ground. I fly upwards, propelled by a cone of fire from beneath me. Oliver follows, staying close to level with me as I skyrocket upwards. I direct air currents into my and Oliver's flames. I stop and begin to slow down. Flames appear behind me and I am launched forwards towards the forest at over 50 mph (In earth terms). 

Oliver sticks close behind and We reach the forest in no time. During the trip, I direct enormous amounts of air into our fires, weakening me out at the sheer force of stopping a vacuum from taking back my oxygen. I land down on the grass near the outskirts of the forest and soon after, Starr joins me and Oliver. I walk forward and into the dark forest.

I wake up gasping for breath, my heart racing. I look around, confused for a few moments before I remember where I am. I am in the south forest, in the place that I had been using as a base for the past few weeks. I get up, my head is still fuzzy from the dream. Standing, I see Starr laying against a nearby tree and Oliver lying next to the fire. I walk over to the small stream and splash some water on my face. I take a few deep breaths and try to calm myself down. After a few moments, I am feeling better and I walk back over to the small fire that I had been using to cook my dinner. I sit down and poke at the embers with a stick. I add a few more pieces of wood to the fire and sit back, looking up at the stars. I hear a noise in the distance and I tense up, silent and waiting for whatever made the noise to show itself. After a few minutes, I relax, assuming that it was just an animal. I lean back and stare up at the stars, lost in thought.

