I stand up and walk out of the cave with the Vibynee around my arm and begin to run towards the forest. As I get halfway, the forest disappears and is replaced by a large ocean that stretches as far as the eye can see. I look around and see that the forest has moved clockwise around the small dwelling in the centre of the desert. I head back towards the village. When I get to the large desert town once more, Vibynee slithers into my sleeve and out of the eyesight of the towns people. I walk over to a smallish-stall and notice that everyone is staring at me. Ugh I am starting to hate this. I place a silver credit on the shop owners stall and pick up a box of 3 watermelons. I then walk away holding the closed box under my arm.

Walking out of the village, and towards the cave, I once more experience the horrid heat of the deserted lands. Perhaps this was once lush farm land? Vibynee slithers out and around the stick that I am holding. He hits it with the hammer on his tail and the branch begins to melt, heating up incredibly fast. It changes to a wonderful silver colour and gold patterns fly across its sides. I lean in and look at it then at Vibynee and then back at the metal staff. "Wait a second" I look at him "How on Fentix did you do that?!" I gesture to the elaborate metal staff now lying on the floor in front of me. "Well I have always been able to do that." He looks into my eyes and I see the constant swirl of his irises. "Looks like we are more alike than you first thought hm" I pick up the staff and feel it heavy in my hands and warm from the atom restructure. Me and Vibynee walk towards the cave.

I sit down once me and Vibynee reach the cave entrance and begin to relish the cool shade that our hiding place offers us. I take out a watermelon and scrape the skin off the top. Biting into the watermelon, the juices fall down onto the sandy floor creating a pattern of dots. Vibynee takes a bite out of the first watermelon. I put it down in the basket. Laying down, the sun sets. I go to sleep. Waking, Vibynee says "Um there are some armoured law enforcers on their way here." I get up and check outside. I pick up the intricate staff and Vibynee slithers up and around it making the staff's idea similar to Caduceus. I run out of the cave and the officers see me after only a few seconds.

They start to chase me almost immediately and one with red markings presses a button on their gauntlet as they run. Out of the village seven silver motorbikes drive over to the officers. They ,mid-run, jump onto the speeder-bike that pulls up beside them and the others copy the movement. I stop and they drive straight past me. I jump straight onto the back of the second speeder and throw the officer over the side. He slams head first into the floor with a barely audible "crunch". Placing my staff and Vibynee in the side cargo piece, I get into the driver seat on the motorbike. I turn in a one hundred and eighty and full throttle away from the other speeders. They turn and race after me. I rotate the throttle further and a small button flicks open in the reach of my right thumb. I press it.

The bike flies forward and I accelerate to well over 200mph, riding straight inland and out of the desert, I get into grassland and the bike seems to go even faster. Over the horizon I can faintly make out a city. The officers have given up on the chase as I don't think they know of the Nos feature. I am still not sure myself how I know it to be honest. I continue at full speed as I accelerate past a few speed cameras. That would amaze any one who checked the records for today. I start to decelerate as I come closer to the city. I drive in through the entrance road at around 50mph and park in a gas station. I fuel up first on firol and then the large tank of Nos this would cost about 1 gold credit in other words 10,000 bronze credits. After I have refilled I walk in to the gas station and place a gold credit on the counter.

The employee gawks at me as I go over to the spray paint section. I pick out a black and gold. I place those on the counter and give the employee a silver credit for the paint. I walk out and use the black spray paint on the entire bike apart from the seat. I then add gold outlining and it dries almost instantly. I get on and drive out of the station. I find a takeaway and park outside. Vibynee gets up into my sleeve and I lock the bike. I walk in and get into the queue. After a few minuets I order. I select burger and a fresh burger pops out of the chute at the bottom of the machine. I place a silver credit in the machine and it gives me 500 bronze credits as change. I take the burger and walk out of the shop.

I eat the burger only then realising how hungry I was. At this moment a large squad of twenty officers came around the corner of the street all on speeder-bikes. They notice me and luckily I had only just finished my burger. I run to my speeder-bike and get on it automatically unlocks and I rotate the throttle to full. I speed straight down the road and a truck drives straight in my way around ten meters away. I pull on the handle bars while driving towards the wall on a diagonal. I drive straight over the truck and land on the road opposite with several of the officers smashing into the truck. I turn around and drive straight past them leaning over and grabbing one of their helmets. I yell "is there a problem officers?" and I activate Nos and speed out of the city. I drive over the grassland and turn off the Nos boost. I decelerate and see a small town over the horizon. I turn ninety degrees and see a jungle. Perfect. I activate Nos and speed into the jungle. I deactivate Nos and come to a stop in front of the biggest tree I could find.

I grab a bunch of sticks off of the jungle floor and prop them up against the tree. I get the tape out of my pocket and wrap it around the tree and the branches. Getting out the first tarp, I tape it over the base and I make it waterproof. I even have a floor. I go over to a nearby tree and create a tall box like structure. I move the bike over to it and drive it into the kind of garage. I cover the top of the box with a tarp and tape it down. Vibynee comes out of the storage area after a nap or something and says " well you've been busy." 