When I wake, Vibynee is speaking into my ear "get up Sirin!" it says hurriedly to me. I get up. Following Vibynee's eye line I see a market beside a large-ish tree. I begin to walk towards the market expecting to be soaked through but find myself completely dry. A few people look at me questioningly and I walk past them. I go down one of the isles and I see a group of thugs. Just like Jerry Flitstee and his gang they turn and see me with my modified law enforcer helmet. They come up to me and say "Where did you get that helmet. I bet it would fetch a hefty price on the weapons market." They run at me grabbing at the helmet. Vibynee jumps from my shoulder and bites one. The man falls asleep instantly. I activate the metal fist and it builds itself around my hand. I slam it into one of them and my helmet slides down into combat mode. They back away, discouraged.

I hate common thugs. I must be in the upside-down system again. I go over to the stand to my left and see that they are selling metal sheets and to my right, there is a fruit store. First, I get a pair of apples. Biting into one, I feel the solid apple in my mouth as I crunch on it. 'Uh this is horrible' I think to Vibynee. Running back over to the puddle and it flashes again. "So," says a voice behind me "your a wizard." I stare at her "Come with me" I follow. Not quite knowing why to trust this person over any other. "my name is Amanda Segal. I know another elemental wizard when I see one." I stare in disbelief. "I've only controlled fire though!" I say and she nods. "sit here." I sit. "focus on your core and energy." I look up and through the sunroof and see dark storm clouds forming. Dirt swirls up around the tent. I walk out focusing. Walls of flame and rock explode out of the ground. Amanda walks out of the tent and stares in amazement. "How is this possible. I have heard of your kind before. You're an Ultix wizard." A squad of law enforcers come around the corner. I focus on them and them alone. A huge bolt of lightning falls from the sky lighting up the market and completely obliterating several tents surrounding the road. I collapse and blackout.

When I wake Amanda is standing over me. "I can't keep you hidden here for much longer." She says in a hurried voice. "How long was I out for?" I ask and she replies "an hour and a half" I thank Amanda. Walking out of the small hut I move towards the puddle trying not to attract attention. I walk up to the puddle.

It flashes, I speak the incantation and I jump through. The army of enforcers are depleted but around one hundred stand guard around the puddle, I fall and catch myself. The enforcers turn and see me. They charge once again. However this time from all directions. I duck and dodge a couple of punches but they grab and throw me against the fence. "We have you now. Sirin Veligi." says one with red markings on their armour. She pulls out a small handheld taser and presses the points to my skin. "What do you want from me," I say straining my voice. "Tell us where the wizards are and we will let you live." "I highly doubt that," I say and she stabs the taser into my back sending a jolt of electricity through my body. I fall limp against the fence. A storm begins to form and they shock me again depleting my concentration. "Good good. We don't want that" she says to me. I look over my head and stare in hatred at her. She signals to the other officers and they grab my arms bending them behind my back. She then switches the taser to full and presses it to my chest. My world once again goes black.

Opening my eyes, I am tied to an electric chair. I wriggle but am unable to free myself. A single law enforcer with no helmet and red markers on his armour walks over to me and sits down on a chair opposite to me. "So, this is the elemental wizard Sirin Veligi hmm," They say with mock interest and I stare with hatred at him. I stop and look around. I find myself in a dark room with the walls and chains constraining me made of Vixium. 'Doesn't matter' I think and the chains fly off bending and pulling on the others until they are reduced to broken links and I stand. The law enforcers helmet activates. I hold him with air currents in front of me. "where is Vibynee" I say while trying to contain my anger. "We sent it to the cacti clan for a ransom" He confesses and I drop him on the floor. He coils up in a ball and grunts. I throw the currents at the wall and it explodes in front of me. I walk out in search of Vibynee.