Prologue
It was a long time ago on the planet of Fentix. There was a child, a special child. When earth took over in the year 2056 the child was wandering in the street of Karo, his name was Alatar Cameron and after earth took control, as he grew older he gained power. At the age of 19 a fight broke out between him and a wizard of his age. They fought for 10 or so minutes, the fight raging between them as flames flew from the wizard’s hands. He ran in and punched the wizard in the ribs and felt a sudden surge of power fly through his arm and spread out through his body. The wizard slams his fist forward to throw a fireball to end them all, and nothing happens. He tries again and again to summon a flame each time with no luck. He runs, runs as fast as he can away from Alatar. The gathered people ran away too. He was an Essence thief.
15 years later

I look up at a massive build-board. Nothing interesting there. I look down. An AOCAOW wanted poster! I walk up to it.

|Name: Amanda Segal |

|Wizard Type: Thieved Elemental |

|Reason: Plotting to destroy the government|

|Reward: 600 gold credits |

I rip the page off of it's street lamp and stuff it into my pocket. I run down the street suddenly aware of everything that could be a possible lead to her whereabouts. I run down a small alley way that then opens up into a large area with a flourishing tree in the center. A glint of metal catches my eye and I look over at it. I run to the tree. A small carving of A.S glinting silver under a branch. I look over at the clear street and water begins to seep up through the cracks in the pavement. A large puddle forms. The sky within the puddle flashes red. I grin "not so hidden after all" I say to my self. "Venti Hexi Lentix" I jump into the puddle and when I jump off, the world spins around me and I land in front of a smallish market. I look up and the sky is red. Dusk. I walk over to another tree and find the same markings, A.S. The puddle seeps back into the paving stones. I walk over to a market stall and ask "Does an Amanda Segal live near here?" He takes one look at my armour, gulps and says "She lives up on the hill on East cross lane." I give him three golden credits. He grabs them and stuffs them in his pocket as quickly as he can.

I walk at a leisurely pace and notice the man at the stall sneaking away. I give him a single glance and he stops and sits back down at his stall. I walk down the street and several people stop to stare. When I get to East cross lane I turn to it and begin to jog down the street. She was here I could smell it. I unhinge one of the canisters on my belt and drink some of the liquid inside. It courses into me filling me with energy. I summon a flame above my hand. I run down the street and find a single house at the end of the street. I go up to it and the stink of wizardry fills my nose. Something big had happened here. I walk up to the front door and knock once then twice then three times. I look down at my watch and press call. It rings once and my enforcer captain picks up "What do you need sir?" he asks. I reply "Backup"

Amanda opens the door and I jump at her punching near her ribs and making her step back. She takes one look at my armour, like the man at the stall, and grabs one of my capsules. She drinks it and hovers upwards. I throw a fire ball at her and she blows it out with a single blast of wind. I run at her and she flies upward. I jump upwards and grab her ankle, pulling her to the ground. A large squad of law enforcers run in and I punch Amanda in the stomach freeing her of all her powers and bringing her back down to Fentix. The squad of enforcers cover her head with a sac and carry her out and into my van. They open the back up and sit her in one of the capture seats. All the while she struggles to get away but eventually gives up. They seatbelt her in and I get in the front. The enforcers get into the back of the van. I start it's engine and drive off down the street. People stare at the van leaving because they knew what it meant. Some where celebrating the capture and others weren't. An hour went by and when we got to the compound there were no other AOCAOW vans driving in at all, only parked vans. 'How strange?' I think to myself.

Driving in to the parking bay, I unload the wizard Amanda Segal and remove the sack from on her head. Me and my squad guide her along and into the building before me to make sure there would be no escape. It looked almost new? Almost as if it had been rebuilt recently. With my law enforcer team behind me, I walk into the building to collect my bounty. I continue down the hallway and turn left into Vectus's office. "Aaah hello Alatar" she says to me. "I've got your wizard Vectus. Now give me my bounty" I say. "Well" she says "first of all, who is it?" "Amanda Segal" I say. Vectus looks at me "what type?" "Oh" I say in understanding. "She was an elemental wizard. She is the second to last elemental we have on the list. Now It's just Sirin Veligi."