Waking, I find myself stretched out within a dark forest sitting, muscles tense, against a tree trunk. I stay there for a few minutes feeling the hard ground pressing up from under me while my muscles slowly relax. I stand. A sharp pain immediately spreads through my left leg. Where am I? I fall as my seemingly broken leg attempts to bear my weight. Lying back down on the forest floor, the pain, hateful as it is, begins to recede. I look upwards. A huge canopy blocks out most of the sunlight like a giant trying to shield their friend from the rain. Only a select few patches of sunlight shines through reaching down towards me as if it knew who I was. If so it knows more about me than I do. I open and shake my backpack upside-down until all it's contents were on the floor in front of me where I could see them. Then I pull my pockets inside out and put those items into the pile as well. After this largely unorganized process, I am finally able to conclude that I have got; A toothbrush? That would be good for hygiene I guess, a roll of plastic tape (very useful), three four-meter tarps, a few ration packs, 70 bronze credits, 40 silver credits, 190 gold credits, and two hunting knives.

Grabbing the plastic tape and the nearest kind of thick branch off of the forest floor, I place it almost parallel to my leg. Wrapping the tape around my leg and the branch, I stand up. With the branch, the searing pain in my left leg has become only just bearable enough for me to be able to begin to walk. I set off hobbling through the shrubs making minimal progress, hearing a rustle in the bushes I crouch down next to a tree. Resting the majority of my weight on my right leg, I get ready to pounce on whatever comes my way food or fiend. A deer walks around the corner and I spring upwards, stabbing it through the temple, I feel only a small resistance. It and I fall to the floor with a crash through some very small shrubs.

I look at the knife. It bursts into flames before it eventually dies down. The pain in my leg coming back before dissipating quickly after. Grabbing a bundle of dry, dead sticks, I pile them up in a sort of mound. I dig around and find two flints. At this point, my hands were filthy. I walk away and find a stream shortly after beginning to look. I get down onto my knees and wash them until they look clean enough to eat with. I walk back. Pulling the flints out of my pocket, I slide them against each other and feeling them slide almost perfectly over one another. I get a spark. It flies straight through the air and lands on the dry, deadwood. The wood catches fire almost immediately. I back away feeling the warmth of the fire like it was the sun. It flashes blue and I stare at it. After a while, I give up and decide that it was just a trick of the eye.

Finally, I go over to the dear and cut out a small chunk of meat from it finding it rather easy. I skin it with the knife. Holding it over the fire, I feel the heat searing my hands. This wasn't a normal fire. Once the meat looks cooked and my arms are aching from the strain, I take it off of the fire and bite into it.

I had in some ways managed to cook it almost perfectly. I relish the taste as it fills me with a feeling of nourishment. Standing, I realize that the pain in my leg had dissipated. I trip on a root that I hadn't noticed earlier and I fall foot-first straight into the center of the fire and it recoils away as if alive as if it were a colony of ants running away from the giants who destroyed their home. I lift my foot up and out of where the fire should have been and it consumes the area once more as it should have been. Sitting down beside the fire I look at it amazed, slowly I move my right hand towards the flames. As I had expected, it recoiled away at the slightest notice of my fingers. I move my hand once again into the flames and begin to focus. A fire suddenly starts directly above my hand. Wizardry.

I try once again and the flames dissipate rapidly just as I had imagined them. Standing up, I begin to wonder why I am here in the first place. Who am I? All I know is my name, Sirin Veligi. Then I stamp out the remains of my fire and I begin to walk again. I do not want to dwell on that subject at all. Soon after starting, I spot the edge of the forest. On the other side of the trees, I can faintly see a village as if it were waiting for me. The one strange thing was that right at the edge of the forest was a huge desert. I walk out of the forest where I began beside the tree and towards the village. Feeling the intensity of the heat increase the further from the forest I get, I cut the tape around my leg off using the enchanted knife and detach the stick. I pull the tape away from it and my leg and start to walk into town.

As I walk through the town, sand, and dust blow up all around me. Large sheets and sticks cover the tops of the roads to stop sunburn. They still did nothing to stop this damn heat. I push through a back alley and find myself in the main square of the town. Several people give me a questioning glance and I slip into the shadows next to the buildings on the left side I am not sure if it helped of made me even more suspicious. I begin to walk into a dark alley and turn a corner, a dead end. Great now I will look even more suspicious. Turning around to leave, I am confronted by a group of thugs.

Ok, so that was suspicious. "So then, who are you exactly?" the main thug says and I back away "My name is Jerry Flitstee. So what is yours?" I back away and run around the corner forgetting that it was a dead end. I stop just in time to not slam face-first into it. The thugs come around the corner and draw all fourteen of their knives. I realize what I have to do and I begin to focus. All the thugs become engulfed in flames that didn't smoke at all. Magic fire. The leader of the thugs simply raises his hands and the flames become a dark mist that he concentrates within the center of his hands. Wizard hunters. The mist becomes serpent-like and begins to slither along the ground towards me. I spring backward and begin climbing up the wall behind me. Pushing aside the cover on the ally I run up and onto the rooftops.

I think of the area behind me becoming covered in fire. I turn around and see that this had happened. I continue to run and begin building hopping by running over branches that just about hold my weight without breaking. I find another dark alley and knock aside the cover on it too. Then I climb down into it. Walking at a normal pace so as not to attract attention, I hold my branch in a staff-like way. Several people glance at me and then look away as if sorry for what will happen. Suddenly, a large squad of armored law enforcers comes around the corner and everyone looks away in shame. They notice me almost immediately and one signals to the others.

The helmets slide over and onto their heads with their armor folding out extra plates all over their bodies for battle. I run as quickly as I can away and into the desert. Once again I come to the hateful realisation that I am in the searing heat. My vision blurs. Running towards a small cave entrance, a few hundred meters away from me I begin to gasp for air, I jump and roll into the cave. The shade is slightly warm but not nearly as uncomfortable as outsides standards. I'm surprised I haven't got a sunburn in this heat. I realize then that I will need to eat again soon. I look over to the forest and it is more than three hundred meters away.

I sit down and rest. Out of the darkness slithers a strange snake-like creature. "What are you here for?" It says and I jump. 'Wait.. what? Since when could snakes talk?' I think and the snake says "well no but I'm not a snake. I'm a Vibynee one of the creation serpents." It lifts its tail and I see a hammer-shaped horn that melts into the tail seamlessly. "I need to find out more about my abilities. Somehow, I can summon fire with my mind. Do you wish to join me? " I say and the Vibynee nods and says "If it will be more exciting than sitting here all day and night" It slithers up and around my sleeve. I feel it twisting around my arm as it makes its way to my head. It gets up onto my shoulder and wraps its tail around my arm.