At this moment a pair of small, sharp blades fall from above. Assassins. I pick them up and start to climb the tree using the knives. When I get to the top I find a small wooden platform nestled in the branches. I climb down and behind the tree was a small stream. Not sure how I didn't notice that before. I run over to it and it was moving rather fast. Fast enough at least. I bend down and take a drink, replenishing my thirst. I walk around the tree and into my makeshift base. I take out my rations and lay them on the floor. I stand and walk out of the base. I realize then that somehow I have a watch on. How did I not notice that? I tap the screen and somehow I set a waypoint to my location. Well, that could be very useful, I think.

At this moment a large B66 modified ship came down and landed in a clearing nearby. I grab my staff and knife. Vibynee slithers up the staff and says " Careful Sirin this could be bad." I nod and begin to walk towards the landing site. Once getting to the sight I duck behind a large tree. "Hey have you fixed the ship yet Hawke?" One of them says. "I'm almost done with the fix sir," says the one I think is Hawke. I jump out from behind the tree and all three of them pull out 36a blasters and aim them at me. "Who are you?" one says and glances at Vibynee "how is there a Danimal on this world?" as he says Danimal, Vibynee falls off of my staff and lies there completely still. "what did you do!" I yell and he shrugs. Suddenly, Vibynee melts back to mobility and says "it is true, I was created on a different planet by a scientist that worked for something called Arcturus Industries." I shake my head confused. "That is a good staff, did you make it yourself?" one says and I nod. "Well Vibynee made it but I can summon fire." and they lean over to the person next to them. They nod and look back to me. "Would you like to join us in our group?" one says to me and I nod to them. "Sure, I guess. Firstly though I need to go and get my bike." I turn and jog away from them.

Once at my temporary base I grab the tarps and stuff them into my backpack. I run over to the garage and get on the bike. Activating it I drive out and back towards the clearing. "Where do I put this?" I ask. They point towards a small ramp on the far side of the ship in answer to my question. I accelerate around the ship and up the ramp. Getting off of the custom bike, I look around at the holding bay and without thinking I start to walk towards a large scratch in the wall. I turn no-longer interested in the damaged hull of this warship. "So you are interested in battle damage hmm?" says someone behind me. I spin to face them. They reach out to shake my hand. "Ryker. I'm the owner of this here ship and the leader of the group. You?" he asks. "I'm Sirin Vilegi. I can control fire with my mind, I don't know how I just can." I raise my hand and a flame instantaneously appears around an inch above it. It was becoming easier to summon now.

"I remember you. You had a huge bounty on your head. Can't imagine why? How did you survive?" "I'm not that sure to be honest. All I remember is waking up lying against a tree in a random forest. Everything before that is blurry and I can't figure those memories out." He shrugs to me and walks out through the door in the side of the room. "Do you think we can trust these people?" Vibynee asks and I reply "I'm not sure if I trust them or not but currently they aren't trying to kill us so... that is a positive." "I guess?" Vibynee says back. I then walk through the same door that Ryker had and I find myself in the main corridor. I jog down the corridor and find a room labelled 'control centre', I walk in. As I enter the ship begins to vibrate as the thrusters activate and the group takes off of the ground.

"So where are we going?" I ask and Ryker spins to face me in the command chair. "We are going to the planet Cartoria in the Gretocarte solar-system." He replies. I nod in understanding and leave the room. I walk back to the cargo hold and leave the staff and Vibynee leaning against the bike. Vibynee then slithers down the staff and down next to me. I walk over to the large stacks of plastic boxes and open one on the top. Inside I find a large amount of packing peanuts. I reach into it and find a small metal ball. "You can have that," Ryker says and I jump "We got it from a raid on a large AI lab." I raise the metallic sphere to my eyes and see a tiny Vibynee intricately carved into the metal. "We have no clue what it is or what it does." Instinctively, I touch the sphere to Vibynee and he erupts in blue fire. I jump back and stare at the sphere. The flames around Vibynee die down and reveals that Vibynee has grown to at least ten times its normal size and now has wings. Vibynee raises its head. "Wow," I say as Ryker looks at me questioningly. I shrug at him and Vibynee becomes engulfed once more in blue flames. After dying down, the flames reveal Vibynee in its original form. 