"Ah, it's a hypersphere," He says pointing at it. My muscles tense in memory. Where have I heard that name before? "And what exactly is a hyper-sphere?!" I ask. Ryker looks at me and sees me staring at him with a questioning gaze. "It is something Arcturus Industries developed to make Danimals go 'Hyper'." He says in reply to my look. "I did not know I could do that" Vibynee says amazed. Ryker walks over to the crates and carefully lifts out a kind of wristwatch. He hands it to me. "We found this with the Hyper-sphere. You should have it. We have no use for it after all." I take the second watch and put my original one into my backpack. Well, that watch was bound to be thrown away anyway. I put the Hyper-watch (I came up with this name) around my wrist and it adjusts itself to fit me exactly. My hand begins to sweat and it loosens as if at my command. I slot the Hyper-sphere into the socket on the face of the watch and the Vibynee carving glows blue before returning to its original grey. The sphere of unknown metal fits almost perfectly in the holder with only a tiny amount of wriggle room. "It never glowed for me or any of the crew when we put it on?" says Ryker disappointed. "and it didn't auto-adjust either." This time in a confused tone. I shrug. "Why? I haven't got a clue" I say.

"We should probably get you to the guest room," Ryker says as he walks through the doorway and, picking up my backpack, I follow. He takes me and Vibynee (now on my shoulder) to the room right at the end of the corridor and stops. "This is it," he says and I walk in. In one corner I find a large stack of titanium sheets. In another, a relatively large bed and next to it an anvil. In the last interesting corner, I find a plasma cutter and a large quantity of welding equipment. "This could work," I say as Ryker leaves. I grab a sheet of metal and place it into a metal bender next to the plasma cutter. I bend the metal. After a few hours and some welding, I grab my modified law enforcer helmet, placing it over my head immediately it recognizes my brain wave patterns and the HUD (heads up display) comes up. I close the visor and the view changes. I can now see outside through an opaque visor.

Ryker comes in and sees me wearing a modified law enforcer helmet. "cool helmet." he says admiring my craftsmanship "We should be arriving in around five minutes" I nod in thanks and he walks out once again. "Vibynee." I say "could you just hit those sheets of metal and make helmets?" "I don't know to be honest," Vibynee says in response as it slithers over to the metal. It brings it's tail down on the metal and it bends and twists itself into a gauntlet. I pick it up and put it on. I ball my hand into a fist and the gauntlet extends around it and into a flat pounding weapon. "Thanks, Vibynee," I say and realize that Vibynee is asleep. Either it is rather young in its life or things that are more of magical items use up large amounts of energy.

Picking Vibynee up, I lay it into my backpack. I put it on. I walk out of the room and jog towards the cargo hold. The ship shakes as it touches down on the ground. The back ramp extends down and the others walk in. "Hawke stay here and look after the ship," Ryker says and Hawke nods. I jump onto my bike and they get onto strange tech bikes. I drive out and they follow. "Race you there!" I yell over my shoulder and they speed past me. I turn the throttle to full and begin to catch up. The others speed ahead leaving me in the dust. I push the Nos button and explode forward straight past everyone else. They stare in amazement as I take the lead. We race towards a large city and I deactivate Nos slowing down as we come into the city's entryway.

I look around and see a small squad of the law enforcers and a single figure in the centre. I activate the modified helmet and the visor slides down. The gauntlet slides down. They turn and their visors slide down. "how are they here?!" I say as they jump onto their bikes exploding towards me. They know about the Nos button. They come up beside me and the others. Jumping off, they surround and bring us all to a halt. Vibynee wakes up and looks around. I put it and my backpack down onto the floor. "Ah, a wizard. I thought I got rid of your kind?" His armour folds down with red stripes and markings all over it. He throws his right fist forwards and I knock it aside. I uppercut straight through his defences scoring a direct hit on his large nose. Enraged, he runs forward - Fists flailing at me. I am knocked backwards. I stop. Sprinting at him, I punch him straight in the ribs. Moving directly past him, I jump onto my bike and the others follow. I explode away from the group of enforcers flying down the street at around 80 miles per hour. 'BAM' I fly straight through the sound barrier. I hear the wind howling through the layers of my helmet. The other bikes follow with the enforcers trailing close behind them.

The road ahead morphs and 20 units came around the corner. I spin round and down a side ally. I dismount my bike. Looking around for signs of life but am greeted by the cold hand of isolation. Not a living soul is in sight. A desolate tree rises from its base in the centre of the street. I splash through the puddle that stretches straight across from the tree. Iron railings bar me from going any further. I stop. This is the end. Law enforcers, a whole army of them, turn the corner and dismount from their bikes while engaging battle mode. They charge. The puddle's sky flashes red. A world hop! I run smashing through the ranks of law enforcers. "Vanki Septi Necri" I shout instinctively. I jump through the puddle and the enforcers have disappeared. I look up. The sky is red. It worked?! I collapse into the puddle and fall into a light slumber.  