3 days later

I lay awake in my cave. This is getting tedious. Picking myself up I go over to the small stream at the back of the cave and take a drink. I honestly don't care if I die now. Standing, I pick up my cruelly made swords and walk from the cave. My helmet visor slides down and I begin to run across the barren wasteland that I had found myself in. A flash comes from the sky and I continue running as the B66 ship comes down from the sky. It lands and I stop as the ramp lowers. "Sirin!" Ryker shouts as he comes down the ramp. "nice to see you" I say as I walk up the ramp and into the cargo hold. "What planet is this?" I ask and he says to me "this is Landive. Unfortunately it was what caused the quarrel known as The Great War Of Gretocarte, and caused my mother's death." He says and looks down as he finishes. "Well let's not dwell on that." I say quietly and the ramp shuts behind us. 

"We need to find Vibynee" I say as we walk to the control room of the B66. "that was where we were going next." He replies and then falls backwards into the main command chair, exhausted. I walk down to my room and drop my plasma swords on the floor. Then I make my way back and sit down in one of the command deck chairs. I find myself sitting beside Hawke and he says without making eye contact "well it's good that your back" and I nod "I think so" I say while starting to think the exact opposite. 'I don't belong here. What am I doing?' I stand and walk towards my room thinking for the whole time. 'Why should I trust these people? For all I know they might intend to give me over to the enforcers.' I lye down on my bed and make my mind go completely blank.

2 hours later

The ships stilts extend and we land around 5 miles from the cacti base. I get up and slot the swords into their sheaths on either side of my metal vest. Walking out of my room, I make my way towards the cargo bay only to find my bike sitting in the middle of the room. At this I look down at the cargo net on the side. I look away. Getting on the bike, the others follow. We speed out onto the grass and it abruptly stops after around a hundred meters from the base. The c-bows begin to fire and a few spines hit my back wheel, dislodging it and sending me sprawling on the floor. I run to the wall of the base and under the small overhang. Something tells me the cacti aren't flexible enough to hit me here. I lift the dirt up around me and curl it round my fist. It hardens at my will and I punch through the wall. Once more a huge storm fabricates above my head and I walk in.

Legions of cacti turn to face me and I say "any chance you could tell me where the robo cacti general is?" They fire and I strike them with thousands of volts. I pull the water from them and slice through the main door. I walk through into the base and up into the main corridor going by instinct as if I had been here before. Round the corner comes a squad of robo cacti and they burn almost instantaneously with metal dripping down their sides as they topple over onto the floor. Running past them, I continue and come across a control centre. I smash through the door and several cacti fire on me. They are thrown across the room and splatter against the wall. A robot with four arms sticking out of its back runs towards me as if human. The helmet retracts to show a man within. He grabs my arms and legs with his robotic arms and I burn through them leaving pooling metal dripping to the floor. The arms rebuild. I duck. They slam into the wall above me cutting straight through it. 

I run out of the room and he follows. Running, I explode through an outer wall and run out into the grassland and towards a small town. I throw myself into the air and fly forwards in the air. I look behind me and see the Robo Cacti General flinging himself towards me. What have I gotten my self into?