I launch upwards into the haze of vehicles above, jumping using the metal rails below me. Wind gushes past me, grabbing at my cloak as flare my metals and shove myself into the sky above, pushing back and forth between two massive buildings that rose from Scadrial like shining needles. Nearing the top, the skies open before me, leaving the mists behind as the light of the stars wash over me. Breathing, I inhale sharply, dragging investiture from within me and my bracers. Reaching forward, I tear, investing the space before me and cutting an unholy gateway into the cognitive realm, Shadesmar.

I tumble from the physical realm and the gateway closes. Breath wheezes in and out of my lungs as my body struggles to come to terms with the power I had held. Wind rushes past my ears as I fall, heading towards the ocean of beads below me, each representing an object in our physical reality. I yank some of the regenerating power from within me and push it out towards the beads, manifesting at least 20 different objects within the cognitive realm. I land on the top of a table, narrowly avoiding the suffocating death that would have awaited me under that sea of spheres. Weak, I slump over onto the table and do a mental inventory of myself. Nothing hurt too bad other than of course the throbbing headache I had given myself. As far as I knew, I was the only person who could naturally regenerate their soul, their investiture. The powers of allomancy, feruchemy, hemalurgy and stormlight all worked in a similar way.

They each manifested as an addition to one's soul, broken from the power of gods. My power wasn’t like this, it was something stranger, from a being long forgotten in the minds of the common men. I still hadn’t the slightest clue of its origins as I had no parents to ask.

My power allowed my soul to repair itself, of course there was some downside to this. It isn’t all sunshine and rainbows in the spiritual realm. I would be basically incapacitated for days while I recovered from that stunt. I had meant to come here anyway so it wasn’t unexpected, only annoying that I had to leave so early. Pulling my pack from my back, I set it down on the table, my eyelids drooping. I succumbed to the darkness and fell into my dreams