- Vectus

I walk over to a small garage door and enter a number on the keypad. I spin and head back over to the large circle in the center of the courtyard and the world begins to spin and move upwards as the circle corkscrews downwards, making only a slight scraping sound as stone grinds against stone. I was slowly descending downwards and into a large underground hanger, filled with shuttles and trucks. The platform clicks into place and I walk off, passing a shuttle being repaired from our last attack on Zanti. 

"How is it going with sustaining the portal makers?" I ask Doctor Brown, one of my subordinates within our organisation. "We've increased the life expectancy of the wizards who have created the portals but it seems that they do unfortunately die one or two days after the portal was created. It's a shame to lose such important assets to us." he says 

"Well find a way to do it because I'm fed up of losing perfectly good wizards to these sudden deprivations of large quantities of magic" I reply, annoyed at the slow progress towards our goals.

"Very well supreme, we shall continue research into souls and hopefully find a way to stop these subjects from dying during the procedure" He replies and turns away to walk down the corridor towards the lab sector. I continue down another corridor and move towards the main ship building facility. Behind me, I hear running footsteps. I turn and see Doctor Brown chasing me. He slows to a stop, panting. The Doctor stays still for a moment and then says "They did it... while I was updating you... they figured out... how to.... edit the soul of anyone to have magic." 

I perk up at the sound of good news regarding magic research. I follow him as he walks back.

"We might be able to give those who never had powers the ability to use magic using soul charms and a technique we call soul infusion." He says, exited out of his mind. I follow, tension building as I near the laboratory sector once more. "You essentially take a soul charm and kill the holder, this causes them to become dust and before they can reform to their human selves, you capture some of the dust. The more dust you capture, the more of their soul or wizardry is able to be taken. If you then paint the dust onto an object, the object gains the ability of the person, essentially granting the magic of someone else to that person."

We reach the laboratory sector and I look around. A sword sits on a lab table, occasionally bursting into flames around the blade. A large war-hammer rests nearby, electricity arcing out of the top of itself. I walk over to the sword and pick it up by the handle. It flares up, fire bending in an attempt to attack me. I lower it slightly and keep the sword away from me. "Still have a soul inside you somewhere I see."

 Turning to the scientists, I ask exasperatedly "Is there a way to get rid of the damn things memories so that it simply responds to my commands."

"It does seem like it but-" one of them begins to say.

"Then do it" I say, cutting them off mid sentence "If you can, you should and you will."

I place down the sword and look over at the spheres, each one about 5 mm wide with a flat edge to stop them rolling around, lying on the counter close to the wall. I walk over to them. 

"What do these do?" I inquire to the scientists nearby.

They snap to attention and one of them says "They contain some of the dust from the subjects." 

I gesture for them to continue. "go on..."

"Well it seems like these parts of the soul can be implanted into non-wizards to gain... similar abilities" They continue.

"Find me some test subjects and an elemental wizard" I yell. A few of the nearby scientists run off into some of the nearby rooms and I walk back over to the sword and pick it up. I will have my army.