- Starr

We stand deep in the forest now and I walk up to the broken down shack made of wood. We stand close to the center of the forest. I see Sirin as he walks up to it. 

"Not much material here, but it's the best thing we have for now." He says and I nod "The enforcers don't know it's here do they?" I ask and he shakes his head 

"No they don't" He says.

I walk towards the small makeshift base and lift up a stay piece of wood lying on the outskirts of the base. It lifts upwards with close to no resistance. It seems to weigh close to nothing. I turn, seeing Sirin walk towards me and Oliver hanging back. 

"It's quite run down but it should do for now" he says and walks up to the front of the small hut built around several trees. I follow him inside and see a set of small cabinets. He opens one and pulls out a set of 4BX blasters. Sirin walks over and gives me one of the blasters. He hands the second one to Oliver who had just walked in. 

"What do we need these for? We have quite literal magic and you want us to use a gun?" I say in question to Sirin's decision.

"Well since Vectus decided to fit out all the enforcers with Vixium" he sighs "Our powers have been weakened against the forces of *ACAW" *Association of Criminal Acts of Wizardry* "We need another weapon that can effect them more and that is a gun, unfortunately."

"I see" Oliver says. I look over to him. 

"You seriously think we should use guns? The human's weapon!" I exclaim in annoyance and disgust. 

"Look. We can't defend ourselves with our magic against them. All we could do is shove them away from ourselves. We have no real way of stopping them from continually coming after us." Oliver says and turns to face me.

"It's the logical decision to get guns" Sirin says and I reluctantly take the gun from him. 

I walk back over to the cupboard and put the gun away. "I won't use a human weapon no matter what. You want to kill innocent people who are just trying to do their jobs. It is a disgrace to your honor as a wizard that you would even think about doing something like that." I storm out of the shack and launch myself away.

I hover over the forest and fly away from the city of lights and look up at the black sky filled with white specks. A giant desert comes into view and I hover downwards, landing inside a small cave. I slowly drift off to sleep.

A loud explosion wakes me up and I sit up quickly and accidentally launch myself into the air, banging my head on the ceiling of the cave. I rub my head and get up, flying out of the cave and into the night sky. I see the city in the distance and fly towards it. 

As I get closer, I see the city is in chaos. Buildings are on fire and people are running around in the streets. I see enforcers trying to contain the situation but they are outnumbered and outgunned. I see a group of wizards fly past me and towards the city.

I follow them and see they are flying towards a group of enforcers who are trying to hold back a group of criminals. The criminals are using magic to try and break through the enforcers' barrier. One of the wizards sends a lightning bolt directly into the midst of the criminal gang and they attempt to run but are barricaded in by the group of enforcers and the wizards. When I get a closer look at the group, I see they are wearing enforcer armour with the traditional orange of a recruited wizard. 

I see a woman with black hair and red eyes. She is wearing a black dress and has a black cape flowing behind her. She is flying towards a group of enforcers. I fly after her and try to stop her but she blasts me with a bolt of deep, blood-red lightning. I am thrown back and hit a building. I fall to the ground and lay there, trying to catch my breath. I see the woman summon a massive bolt of lightning, directly on-top of the enforcers who scramble to get out of it's radius.

I get up and try to chase after her but I am too weak. I fall to my knees and cough up blood. I hear someone calling my name but am too weak to respond. I see a light shining in front of me and then everything goes black. 

I wake up in the forest hideaway. I sit up and look around. I see Sirin and Oliver sitting opposite to me, on the floor.

"What happened?" I ask them. 

"We heard the explosion from the city and saw you fly off towards it. The logical decision was to investigate it. Then you got hit by a massive bolt of what we can only describe as lightning," Oliver says. 

"But I thought only wizards could use lightning?" I say in confusion. 

"That wasn't lightning," Sirin says. "It was something else. Something darker." 

I get up and walk over to the small window in the shack. I look out and see smoke rising in droves over the tree line. "What is happening out there?" I ask them. 

"Vectus is sending out droves of enforcers to try and subdue the gangs of underground wizards who are rising up against her," Oliver replies.

"This is just going to end the same way it always does," I say sullenly. Surely these people know that no matter how many bodies they throw against her, she has superior funding and is smarter than most of the people there combined." I say sullenly. 

"There is always hope," Oliver says optimistically. I shake my head and walk out of the shack. I need to clear my head. I take to the skies and fly over the city.