I tell Sam "Set a course for the Cacti fortress" and he tells his second in command the exact same command and they rush over to the large control tower on one side of the mother-ship. On the other side of the mother-ship there was a large counterweight on the inside of the hull which didn't look very good to be honest. "Wait so this code-name:take-down is where you would take down AI from the inside instead of storming the armoured outside of their main base." George says to me and Sam. "Well yea that is basically what we where going to do. We still are going to do that as long as AI doesn't find out about this." Sam says to him in reply and I nod in agreement. "It would be really annoying if they did find out about it now that we are so far forward in the plan." I say to them and I walk back up into the jet with Sam and it closes the stairway behind me and him. I get into the control centre/cockpit of the jet. I sit down and activate the thrusters. 

We take off and Sam says "this is a nice plane" as he sits down in the copilot seat. I activate autopilot and show him to the hold where all the Danimals sit during when I transport them. "This is huge" Sam says to me. "How long did it take to modify it?"          "Well I had a few robotic arms build it for me so I guess that it took maybe 3-4 days for it?" I say to him slowly thinking through it. "cool, that is really quite a fast process" He says to me and I nod and then continue to say "Well we should be coming in to land soon so lets go back to the cockpit." and we walk through the ships corridor and back into the cockpit and we came in to land in the cacti base. Me and Sam get out of the jet and are greeted by all of the generals. "So your into treachery now?" says the fire cacti general and a few others nod with the rest just having hatred displayed across their faces. They converge on me and Sam. I say "Seriously. Sam is on our side and always has been. He needed to fake being our enemy so that he could ally with AI and take them down from the inside." They stop and seem to understand that it was a possibility. At this point all 4 of the Zepheon raptors came out and saw the other generals surrounding us. 

They run over and push the generals away from me. George jumps down from his stealth ship and shouts to the others "what Daniel says is true" I order the raptors to stand down in their language. The generals shrug and begin to walk back to the base. "That very stupid" says Flicker and Sparky nods at the remark. "It was only a misunderstanding so it wasn't that stupid." I reply and they shrug in a way. "Still bit stupid" Sparky says back and I tell them "Well yea a bit stupid I guess." I start to walk over to the Danimals housing area and the raptors follow with Sam walking beside me. I walk in and am thrown against the opposite wall with such force that I start to feel dizzy. "Great cover up out there" Says the Shadow Cacti General as he hits me once more. "It isn't a cover up, it is the truth" I say back in an annoyed tone. I activate the MK7 and grab one of his wrists that were protected by quite weak armor and accidentally drew blood. He threw himself away and kicks me back into the wall. At this point he noticed that the raptors were sitting watching him with a bag of popcorn. Seniti knows where they got it from.

I throw myself up and at him using my robotic arms to push myself away from the wall. I knock him off balance and his armor weighs him down. He falls backwards and hits his helmeted head on a metal pole. "I think he is unconscious" I say and the raptors begin to do a sort of regal clap. They had finished their magically appearing popcorn and came over to me. "we were never allowed to do anything like that during training." I tell the raptors and Sam. "he was really angry." A few moments later George and a few red spiked Cacti ran in. He looked at me as if to ask 'seriously?' and I say "what? He attacked me and also accused me of lying about Sam and the Shadow Feathers. I didn't mean to knock him out." George makes a hand gesture and the 4 red spiked cacti with him retracted their arm and head spines and picked up the motionless body of the Shadow Cacti General.

They leave and George asks "where did those raptors get that popcorn from?" and I reply with "I haven't got a clue" We look up and see that the raptors now have a fresh bag. "What?!" I say "Now I'm just as confused as you are." George walks out and shrugs. I take the raptors down to their sleeping area in the huge half cylinder. I attach two of my MK7 arms to the joists and with the second pair I grab a second joist. I lye on my back suspended in the air and then fall asleep.