When I awoke a large blast of energy hit the outside of the half cylinder. An invasion. I detach both sets of my robotic arms and fall to the floor. I run through the door at one end and see the air filled with AI ships. I reactivate the sky traps remotely and in seconds 20 ships have either been destroyed or pulled from the sky. The AI ships realise they are under attack pretty quickly and rose into the air. I activate the detachment sequence for all of the air pirates. I fire. The spears and chains fly through the air no longer attached to the mechanism that reels them in. Five spears penetrate straight through the sides of 7 or more ships in a go. The extra weight added to the thirty seven or more ships that were hit, fall from the sky and onto the grassy area bellow. The other ten chains go past their targets and land in a line on the top of the biggest of the ships. The chains pierce the tops of the ship and fall straight through the middle and catch at the ends of the chains. The spears stick into the ground and the large ships can no longer move without lowering their altitude and coming into range of our C-Bows. A few do this manoeuvre and get shot through with spines. They fall to the ground and add to the huge graveyard of ships.

I run back to the Inner Castle and climb up onto the battlements. The AI ships fly in and start to shoot their plasma cannons. A few huge transport ships land and 19 sphinx cannons roll out. They all started charging as they moved towards the outer wall. The first one reaches the wall and fires. A large hole appears but began to regenerate due to it being infused with oxydium. As the regeneration process began the second and third cannons fired and the south outer wall is basically gone. 4 sphinx cannons go through the hole in the wall. Behind the cannons, a large barrage of plasma spheres and laser shots destroy the buildings in the way. This left the cannons with a clear path. The C-Bows concentrate fire on a single cannon managing to pierce it's tough armouring. They switch to a second cannon and it explodes as well. During this time the huge troop transport ships had landed and troops began to pour out of them. The troops and the remaining 15 sphinx cannons charge through the still relatively large hole in the wall.

I run and jump off of the battlements. I land on the closest Sphinx cannon and rip through the sides of it using my plasma blades. I jump through the opening in the side and slice straight through the drivers neck. I walk towards the back of the cannon and slice straight through the motor that controls the turrets rotation. A cylinder comes down from the roof and a female AI soldier runs at me with some kind of electrically charged sword. She slashes through the air with it and hits my shoulder plate. My armour shuts down and I fall backwards halfway before it reboots and catches me mid-fall. I throw my arms forward and smash her against the wall. I switch to the MK Zepheon. At this point George smashes straight through the roof and kicks the AI soldier in the face. 

"Hey, you good?"He says to me and I nod in confirmation. "follow me." I follow him out of the cannon and am confronted by the mass of AI soldiers as they charge towards the inner castle. They notice me and George almost immediately and start to fire their plasma weapons. I deflect the ones fired at me and George shoots the shots fired at him using his red spines. I slash through a semi circle of 13 AI soldiers. They charge forward and George jumps up onto the battlements. I follow by launching myself up with my arms. "This is insane." I say to him as I notice near the middle of the ships was an insanely large ship that was really aerodynamic looking. "I think Arcturus came himself." and George nods. 

I jump back down and activate the MK6, I slice straight through their weapons and they start to back away with the soldiers that had functioning weapons replacing them. The  C-Bows have finished destroying the sphinx cannons and start to sweep back and forth in the ranks of AI soldiers. Within minuets we have destroyed at least a quarter of their army. I jump back up onto the battlements as the main AI ship lowers close to the ground. The underside of the ship opens and 7 mechs one larger than the others are lowered onto the ground. 

"SKKRRRREEEEEEECCHH"  we all look up and see that the gates have opened. "What on Cartoria?" George says while holding his ears. Out of the gates poured hundreds of large interstellar ships. All with a defining logo on the side of a mainly blue planet but with large islands. Over it in large letters read O.O.A.S (Outer Orbit Attack Squadron). "What does that mean?" I say once I've pointed it out to George. Even I realized then that it was a different solar system that had sent these ships.... 