The ships come down to land and the C-bows start firing, a few ships explode and fall from the sky hitting others on their descent. A large squadron of humans explode out of the ships wearing exo-suits even more advanced than Arcturus Industries's. Sets of strange blasters fly to their hands from out of their exploding ship. They aim. They fire. Metal capsules fly out of the blasters and hit my armor, denting the metal. I grab the ground in front of me and fling myself towards the warriors from another world. I explode through their ranks cutting and slashing at every warrior in sight. The air pirates have destroyed a few ships and thousands of these interplanetary warriors pour out of the tube. I activate auto mode on the suit and run forwards activating the boosters on my back.

Arcturus industries have joined forces and are no longer attacking us as defending the solar system is much more important. I explode upwards and onto a rocket simultaneously activating instant kill on the air pirates. The soldiers cease being fired from the tube. I rip into the ship and throw myself inside. I slash through every soldier in sight and then I leap from the ship. I land on the ground. Hundreds of warriors converge on my position. The Zepheon Raptors run over to me slicing though everything in their way. My armour regenerates to its normal self and I stop. Out of nowhere a huge storm builds up. Lightning explodes downwards continuously as fire and water swirl around destroying warriors left and right. A single man stands in the middle of it all. 

I run towards the eye of the storm. Ships crash down around me and I have to launch myself into the air in order to avoid an explosion. Thousands of O.O.A.S warriors die around me as the lightning rains down from above as if in divine retribution. I see a single man being lifted into the air. His uniform singling him out as important. He bore the same sequence of letters as the rockets. O.O.A.S. The man struggles against the magical grip and finds himself to be trapped. Wind howls in my ears and I dig my arms into the ground. I am lifted upwards but my arms stay firm. The wind dies down and I see a second figure with the Seniti like being. She glides over to him. I liberate my arms from the ground and launch myself towards them. I see a whole army worth of men surrounding the cacti fortress. Each and almost every single one of them was dead. Several hundred were cacti. 

I activate my jet pack and hover there transfixed by the scene before me. I look down at my arm to notice my antimatter batteries needed charging. 'This is not the time' I think to myself. I see George sneaking up towards the Seniti like being. He hides behind a pile of corpses and I see a huge chunk removed from the inner castle slowly regenerating. The master was hurt. I see the prototype suit walk out of the hole. The strange being turns and sees it coming towards him. The master prototype suit runs at him. He simply reaches out a hand and an enormous bolt of lightning erupts from his finger tips, frying the suit. I fly back in surprise. He turns and falls into a puddle while muttering some ancient spell. He falls straight through as if using phase. I land and jog over to the spot. Several generals arrive shortly afterwards. We either lost the rest or they are to weak to make it. 

"What...... was.... that??!!" George says gasping in-between each breath. I see the puddle and put my foot into it. It was an ordinary puddle. "I don't know, but it saved us and our solar system." I look up and see the gates still open. "More exists out there and I intend to find it." I run towards the cactus base and grab the MK8. It flows onto me solidifying and filling it's oxygen container with liquid oxygen. My exo-skeleton buckles slightly and I raise the power of the leg joints. I walk out of the castle and activate my boosters. I jet upwards into the air. I feel myself slipping away so I activate auto pilot. The world goes black.  