Suddenly, (and rather annoyingly) I materialised back in the shard market, staring down the same corridor as I always did when this stupid time loop repeated. I trudge along down the corridor, going the one way I hadn't yet taken. I take a turn to the left when I reach the end of the torturous corridor and a massive pile of scrap metal fills my vision. It was the size of a small apartment. I run towards it hoping to find a device that could free me from the torment of this darn loop. The world fades and I appear back at the beginning again. I dash through the corridor, pushing, shoving, doing everything as quickly as possible in order to get there before the loop of entangled time elapsed. I reach the end of the corridor and run towards the scrap. A suit of metal slammed down through the roof of the shard market and fell just in-front of me the back of it opens up and I run directly into it and it connects across my back. Glowing blue lines outline my vision. I activate thrust and a small set of ion thrusters pop out of my back. They throw me forward and into the pile. Four arms extend from my back and they slice through the junk looking for any thing of use. My vision begins to fade. One of the arms pulls on something solid and I clear it off. A ship? Two robotic arms grasp the top of the hatch and the other two destroy the B44 lock. I climb in. The eerie silence of the room attacks my eardrums as I step into the containment area. I could taste the musty air as it tickled my taste buds and seeped into my lungs. Then I was gone. Lost in another world.

Awaking, breathing, my breathing. I’m in an attic.  I stand up and not only was the attic filled with the same musty air as the llama but also filled with misery. I walk forward and then pull a padlock off of a cupboard in the corner of the room. It falls to pieces in my hands and I open the cupboard door. They're sitting in front of me, the Scythe that I used with Extrivius. The very same Scythe I had used when creating the Danimals. I walk forward and grasp it. My memories flood back into my mind, invading my very subconscious, emanating out and flowing from Extrivius. I welcomed it, glad to have my memories back after the amnesia inducing time loop. One of my least favourite effects of the curse.

My mind was transported back to the present and the real world as a quiet "beep" filled my ears, the pull of curiosity overtaking me. I run forward as the computer tells me "all systems are online. Figure approaching, pair is ready" I sprinted towards it and I was there. My robotic arms loading files and commands from the data drive of the computer. "link established" a synthetic human voice tells me. I knew what would happen next so I ran and jumped straight through the hatch then I activated the thrust once more. O.D.I.S, an orbital bombardment weapon. It flew upwards smashing the roof and leaving a trail of glass streaming out of the sky. There were two things I knew for sure, that if I stayed around I would have a lot of explaining to do and that the war was essentially over. I ran through the shard market and people start attacking me. One shoots a blaster at me and it dents the MK5. 'I must have a stupid bounty on my head again' I think to myself, shrugging off the laser fire. Suddenly, outside the building, the Cartorian police shouted through the megaphone "Exit the building immediately through the front entrance. We have you surrounded. You have been found guilty of several crimes."

I activate my thrusters and fly out of the smashed open skylight of the shard market. Never looking back once, even as I hit the ground. The Cartorian police force charges into the entire market but they will find that i'm long gone. However, they are really just a minor problem in the grand scheme of things. The light in the sky becoming a spec as O.D.I.N flew higher and higher, I ran back to home base with my fuel compartment empty. I should have filled my fuel compartment with Oxydium I think to myself idiot.

“Hey, George,” I say (I'm the only one who dares call him by his real name) “What is it Mist?” he asks “I managed to activate what i believe to be O.D.I.S" I tell him exhausted after the run of around 80 miles carrying 800 mg of equipment. “O.D.I.S?” He says back “I thought that O.D.I.S was a myth, a legend and you are telling me that it's real?!”

“I paired with the system so we should have complete control over the satellite, unfortunately, it is only on 40% solar energy so we can’t fire a full shot until 100%”

“And now you are going to say that if I want to, I can use it when you get it online.” He says back to me sarcastically. “EXACTLY!” I say back enthusiastically.

My robotic arms extended and plugged into the computer input/output sockets that I had installed. Almost instantly I got a signal using the communication spires inside of the turrets of the cacti fortress from O.D.I.S, “it’s online” I tell George as I continue to gain information through the input/output sockets in the side of the control panel table. "good” he says to me. Suddenly the stealth cactus general came into the room to tell George “um Cactus leader I have news” he says to George "we are being attacked by medium grade battle cruisers and dreadnoughts. The other generals are waiting for your command against this oncoming threat ” “Mist you stay here and be ready to fire O.D.I.S against the invaders if you have to” George says as he leaves the room.                 