“Sam will not be happy about that” I say to George as he enters and I activate my prototype MK1 remote control suits (5 in total) and then set them to Mach 2 speeds because of the upgraded thrusters. The suits flew steadily across the crater scanning it for signs of life. They found something a small group of 12 or so life forms moving across the crater making small but steady progress. Suddenly, a huge mother-ship the size of the cactus base plus a little bit more appeared on the horizon and slowly but surely became bigger as it moved towards the suits and the cacti fortress.

“WHAT ON CARTORIA IS THAT!” George yelled from across the control room. “not a clue” I say back “seems to be some kind of mother-ship.” At that precise moment around twelve ropes were dropped and Sam got lifted into the mother-ship by a pulley. “aim the AA c-bows and take down a booster.”

Meanwhile in the Kapisi control room

“Take the c-bows out, don’t stop shooting till they are destroyed I will enter and take my brother captive if he isn’t stupid enough to attack on his own" says the Shadow Phoenix.

Back at the cactus castle

“George I’m going to go in and take my brother captive” I say over the com system as I run through the outer corridors. I activate the ion boosters and jet towards the mother-ship. I climb through the hatch only to come face to face with my brother.

“Oh Daniel you were always so predictable” he says to me “It also seems you came on your own”   “shut up SAM” I say back to him. As soon as I said this he made a hand gesture and 30 people all with Armour destroyers appeared.

I raise both my hands. However little did they know I had just activated all of my magnetic shields (they reflect bullets and other projectiles using a specific frequency of electron-magnet). They take me to my cell. Once I am placed in it, I attempt to send George a message, but it unfortunately doesn’t go through to him. “you really thought we wouldn’t jam your stupid distress signals to all of your little friends?” Sam says to me as he turns the corner “well you were wrong, horribly wrong.”

Back at the cactus castle

“Stealth try to broadcast a message to Dan” George says “He’s been gone for to long” Suddenly a single message came through “I’ve got this.” It was the masters prototype suit. Aboard Kapisi things were crazy. It was the Prototype suit 7S4 in remote mode. I ran towards the bars and switched the frequency to all. Once I got close enough to the cell bars the magnets ripped it apart by instantly magnetizing them and making them attracted to all the other bars which resulted in a crumpled mess of magnetized particles on the floor. I ran out of the cell and joined the remote controlled suit. I take over remote and it jumps out of the hatch. I’m on my own, just the way I like it.

The clan has me surrounded and they think they can get me. They charge. A great writhing mass of bodies moves in all around me. “Yo Sam I was saving this one for you” I yell “prototype suit MK6 activate” Almost instantly a red, blue, purple and black suit materialized around me almost the same as the MK5. However, I had added retractable Pogo sticks and roller skates to the feet area making me taller I also added an extra set of arms around the head to protect from knife attacks at my neck.

They pause and one makes the mistake of trying to stab my neck. The third set of arms activate. They grab him and chuck him against the wall as I had instructed. Sam almost instantly says “seriously a MK6? that is hilarious.” I activate phase and jump through the floor. As fall I head towards the base using the manoeuvring thrusters and I use my boosters embedded in the suit to slowly glide down to the ground. I deactivate phase V2 and land down on the ground. I run towards the door to the base and it opens to let me pass I go over to my room and go into the engineering room. I move over to the editing robotic arms and they grab the suit. I exit the suit and it closes behind me. I sprint through the passage ways until I reach outside of the control centre. I enter.                        