“Ready to launch?” George asks.  “All systems go” I tell him.  “Activate P.R.O.G.R.A.M V.E.C.R.O.N” he says back. “Please enter the password" states the computer. “The password is X4492Y8” George says to the computer and as soon as he finishes, the floor begins to shake.

Vecron has been activated.

Suddenly, the lights turn green in the control room. Me and George activate our high G reversal helmets and suits. We turn and walk down the corridor and into the launch deck 3b. We get into the XZ98 rocket and then we launch. I glance out of the window and see several other  As the ship docks to Vecron we both truly realise why this took so long to build even with the highest-grade robotics working on it as the ship we had just docked to was insanely massive. It was so big that the cacti castle looks like a child's model when compared to it. All the area that wasn’t occupied by control centers and storage buildings was jam packed with the best solar panels we could buy as well as a few nuclear power plants. We move down to the control center which is big enough to fill the entire inner cacti castle.

“Set a course for the mountains” George tells me. I type in a few commands and we move slowly towards the mountains. “fire when ready” he says, and a stream of missiles escape silo 1. Each missile targeting a different piece of land. They hit and destroy all the area I had wished them to. The very peak of the mountain plummeted out of the sky crumbling as it hits the ground. “well that is a slight bit overkill” I say slowly to George. “either that or it is just right” he says back “I know right” I state. “would you please stop saying that” he responds. “nah” I say “I'm good” 

"um sorry to burst your bubble but it seems that the Kimmi have started to aim their AA guns at a single ion booster"said the jumping cactus general (lily). "Aim back and fire a warning shot" George tells her."Boom!" the cannon fired and hit the river. Almost immediately they fire back and hit the ship...

"We are not going to lose this ship to the Kimmi!"George says as booster one goes down "destroy the housing area towards the north of the base."He says "It would be my pleasure" I respond launching a large missile and it rockets towards the housing. On the impact the entire area disappeared leaving a flat space where the houses once were. "that was a rocket that I programmed to only be able to destroy things above a certain point" I say "in other words it's programmable destruction."  "cool" George says back as a second barrage hits booster 1 "Dan take down their weapons."  "sure" I reply and send a barrage of missiles that all take out a specific weapon destroying the whole defense mechanism in one go but not before one of the defense turrets gets a shot off and takes booster 1 down making the whole station tilt 5 degrees "get some mechanics and fix the booster" George says as several people leave the room. 

"I need to see if I can train Danimals that aren't Zepheon raptors" I say to George and I leave the room. Almost immediately I get a notification that there possibly is a Zepheon raptor that could be in a Cartorian city using a program that scans the news channels for possible signs of Danimals. I run down the corridors and out of the front doors. Then onto one of Vecron's immense runways. I walk up the ramp into the 2B31 jet fighter I had created for the specific purpose of relocating Danimals back to their kingdom or to other locations. However, when I find and capture a Zepheon raptor I plan to take it back to the Cacti fortress and this was the first one I had found yet. Which would add to my group of two and give me three Zepheon raptors. 

"Activate the jet" I say to the computer "and raise the entrance bridge as well" However unbeknownst to me a bounty hunter known as Shade had snuck aboard Vecron using his own shi and had now boarded my ship with specific orders to overtake it and bring me to the shadow feather clan alive. He had only earlier talked to the second in command of the shadow feathers in a pub in one of the fifty Cartorian citys. He moves across the ship's cargo hold where I would place the Danimals and into the control room where I am. As he enters I say "I didn't know that we had stowaways on this ship" and he seems surprised that I knew that he was standing in the doorway of the control centre even though I wasn't looking at him or even in his direction. I stand up " I've been expecting someone like you, but what do you want? are you going to eliminate me? Who knows?" I ask in a mocking tone.

He shoots his Bryar pistols and I activate my armor letting the lasers slightly dent it. He shoots the pistols again. "So you want to play it that way do you?" I say "Well two can play that game, activate MK7" as I say this phrase my old suit gets replaced with a golden, blue ,purple ,red and black version with several steampunk features. I lash out with the clawed arms grabbing his own arms and legs and pinned him against the wall. He head buts me and I release him for a second. Then he draws his knives and stabs the plates of Armour on my arms. It pierces the Armour pretty easily and cuts my skin. I grab his arms and legs once again with my robotic arms this time holding him much further away from me. "Who sent you?, I really don't have time for bounty hunters."I say in a calm tone while pretending to pick imaginary dirt from under my nails. "the shadow feathers" he replies. "seriously, Sam sent you?" I say back "So he wanted to capture me, but how much did he pay you?"

"firstly I have no idea who Sam is and also I got payed 500 credits" he tells me and I toss him 600 in a brown silk bag that I had in a compartment in my wrist plating and then I release him from the robotic arms "Sam is my brother and is known as The Shadow Pheonix, just don't go and work for the Kimmi now" and he picks up the bag and then jumped out of the side of the jet, activating his parachute and flying down towards the ground. As we descend from the sky and come in to land, I realise that Shade would have landed in the Shard market leaving me venerable due to the fact that stories will be spread about me and people will see me as an opponent that they have to defeat to prove themselves in one way or another and then people will probably put large bounty's on my head. They will think of my armour basically as an insanely expensive trophy to take if they beat me and the more I beat the more will want to try to avenge their other fellow bounty hunters. Great, so now i'm going to have a bunch of bounty hunters on my tail. We come in to land and I get out of the jet. 