Out of nowhere 3 AI scout ships appeared in the sky. "Great, what on earth do they want?" I say as they turn and head in the direction of my brothers clan."Oh No"                                                                                                                "What?" George asks me as I stare at them as they fly over to Sams base.        "They are going to find out that O.D.I.N exists and they are going to want it badly."                                                                                                                            "I see the problem now." he says "ready the sky traps"                                        "those things are insanely overpowered, are you sure we need to use them?" I say thinking of how powerful I made those traps and how long it takes to make the ammunition for them. As I say this around a thousand AI ships appeared on the horizon on a course straight past the fortress.

"Greatest test conditions ever" I say to George as I point out the squadron on the horizon. I activate phase V2 and fall through the floor onto a titanium walkway as phase doesn't work on titanium. I deactivate phase and walk down the walkway to the control centre where I activate all the traps and link them up to my targeting systems. I activate phase and walk up a titanium stair way through the floor. Then I deactivate it once again. The enemy is upon us and the ships try to run straight past us. "Activate codename: air pirates" I say into the suit while in full view of the ships. Almost immediately 20 huge metal spears on chains flew out of the ground with each and every single one hitting it's mark on the ships. Once they grab a ship they wrenched them from the air and dragged them through small holes that had slid open to allow the enemy ships to enter unwillingly. Once inside they get dismantled and salvaged with the soldiers shot back up through small plastic tubes onto the battle field to continue the battle.

The cacti on the battlements start firing and so do the C-BOWs. Almost all of the AI warriors that exit using these pipes are shot down as soon as they do. The Codename air pirates took down a larger ship using 4 hooks as it had gotten away with just 1 attached. When it went down out of the exit chutes came 50 or so exosuit warriors that took down a large quantity of cacti on the battlements and continued through the base by climbing and abseiling down the walls. I show George and he goes with 70 red spiked cacti to eliminate them all from the competition. I continue to control the air pirates as George enters the base. I place the air pirates on auto mode and jump up to one of the ships using the booster pack to assist I place the fully opened MK7 claws on the roof and rip it to shreds. When I enter the soldiers charge at me and pin my arms and legs to the wall somehow forgetting that I had huge robotic arms as well. They are all dead in a matter of minuets and I rip the floor open. I jump out.

The air pirates have done their work and the squadron of AI fighters is no more than a pile of scraps. I head towards the fortress. When I got inside of the Cacti fortress I immediately went to my room which had a creation room off to the side of it and thanks to the air pirates I have a huge stockpile to work on that feeds molten metal into a cooler that is specifically designed to change the temperature to make sure the metal doesn't break. I get to work on a new suit and decide to call it the MK8. It was a space exploration suit meant to withstand the freezing temperatures and airlessness of space. I also created a second specialist suit named the MK9 which was meant to withstand immense pressure from all angles. I get a message and it is read out to me by a synthesised human voice "The CodeName: CogFortress is ready for use." It tells me. The cog fortress was a huge fortress with walls made of huge cogs located in the mountains within the Danimal Kingdom and was created for the soul purpose of training Danimals to be like the Zepheon raptors except offensive and obedient to all cacti generals .

I got into my specialised jet and flew over to the Danimal Kingdom mountain ranges with the three raptors in the cargo hold. When we touch down, I get out of the jet and release the raptors from the hold. They all follow me in a loose formation as I lead them to the sleeping area for all of the trained Danimals in the fort. They all pick the three stalls closest to the exit and I leave to go into the jet. Over the next four hours I trained 5 Danimals enough for them to know who not to attack and a few basic commands. I move over into my room in the middle of the sleeping area and fall asleep. When I wake many of the Danimals want fish or something to eat. I get up and get them all fish from the huge freezer room in the centre of the compound. The raptors eat the fish slowly. Using their plasma blades they cut their fish into manageable slices and then eat them. The raptors are somehow somewhat civilised. Flicker uses a large and powerful blow of steam from heated tubes attached where his plasma blades should have been to cut his fish straight through the middle.

I don't know why I even thought of putting these magnificent creatures in cages when I had first created them, they were way too smart for it. "BOOM" the ground shook as a low power bomb was dropped onto the compound. It had to be my brother and the shadow feather clan. I run outside and Sam lands on the ground around four meters from me. "well then isn't this interesting, what you are doing. Well guess what? I had a similar idea" He says as two creatures drop from the jets above him "I call them Saminals, aren't they just magnificent?" "are you serious, you literally just copied my idea, name and basically the entire thing" I say amused at Sams stupidness. "I prefer the term, Magpie" He says and as soon as he finishes the two creatures lunged forward at the raptors. However the raptors were faster and jumped upwards and on the way down cut clean through their necks with the plasma like a hot knife through butter.