Sam then says "see you again soon" in an enthusiastic tone while waving. He grabs the rope and is hoisted upwards into the shadow feather lead ship. I think 'I need a new set of armour to suit this lifestyle.' and I get to work in the separate building. I start to work on a modified version of the Extrivius suit creating a Danimal armour with a Danimal emblem on the chest going off to the left. I activate it and put it on. 'this suits me well' I think to myself. I run out of the creation room and the Danimals decide to find out what on Cartoria i'm wearing. They recognise the Danimal theme and seem to like me even more. I ran out to the jet and all three raptors get into the cargo hold. We all take off. When we land at the cacti fortress George is waiting for me on the runway. "New suit I see" he says as he acknowledges the new suit and the Danimal theme.

"Well I thought it would be fitting due to my new job of training powerful Danimals." I said to him in response. I follow him to the control centre and he tells me "AI have attacked several times since you left the base. Each and every time we have destroyed them easily with very few casualties on our side. However, the council of generals and" "Wait you are calling them the council of generals? Just call them the generals it takes so much less effort and its quicker to say, also they aren't really a council either" I say in a 'hey that is kind of stupid sort of tone'. "meh I guess but that is the least of our problems. As I had been saying, we think that AI is going to send another huge force like they tried to send to your brother. Except this time it is going to be at us and it is going to be way larger than any of their previous tries." he says to me as I listen and plot out even better air pirate spears and mechanisms using my HUD.

I follow George as we walk around the Cacti Fortress. "How many attacks have their been since I left the Fortress?" I ask him. We continue to walk as George counts up on his fingers. "There has been 7 attacks so far from the north AI base." he says after finishing counting. "It has been really quite annoying over the past few days."

 "Why do I never get to see any of the generals?" I ask "well you just don't because you never want to" he answers in an annoyed kind of tone. "I guess that is true" I reply as I didn't really 'want' to see the other generals much. "also the stealth cacti general has been kicked, so his spot is open for the moment." George tells me "and two of the other generals have created their own clan and have allied with us. Like seriously a lot has happened during the time you were training Danimals." At this moment all three Zepheon raptors enter through the door and George says "Wow those are insane. How long did it take to train them, and get the armour on them?"

As the raptors circle him I say "well they actually made the armour themselves out of tech that they stole from AI well at least two of them did, the third stole from the Kimmi I think. They were originally trained to protect me in the Arcturus lab complex. I created around ten so whenever I find one it is a really good thing." The raptors stop circling George and come over to stand beside me."I'm going to go and upgrade the air pirates." I say to George as I leave the room.