After I tell the raptors to wait up on the surface I activate phase V2 and jump through the floor. When I hit the aluminium walk way I notice that there is a huge bundle of chains lying in my way. As I get closer the chains shoot upwards and away from whatever was in the centre of it. 'Another Zepheon raptor!' I think as the raptor emerged wearing a set of armour in a metallic grey. It had miniature air pirates attached to the arms where the plasma blades were on others. Even better, It's a raptor that has stolen from the Cacti clan. I immediately notice that the chains had been ripped apart and melted down into plates of armour. It recognises the scythe design and sees that I created it and it bows it's head to me. It shows me that it has been using the opening of the scavenging doors to get in and out of the tech haven. It climbs up the one chain it has left intact and into the outside world. I follow and when I exit I see the raptors have made friends already and are chatting in their raptor tongue that none can understand. When they see me they stop. "no honestly you guys can chat all you want at the moment" I say and they resume.

'wow a fourth raptor already' I think to myself 'and one that basically has robo cacti armour.' I walk over and examine the armour that the fourth raptor had made and decide to nickname him Sparky due to all of the robotics that he uses. I ask them all if it was a good name and they nod in agreement. I then walk  back inside and through the corridors occasionally passing a group of 50 or so cacti so when I came across the robo cacti I fist-bumped the version 2 robo cactus that was leading the group. When I got to the control centre where George still was sitting in the control chair I said "guess what I found". "Chocolate melted into the floor?" George asks in a questioning and sarcastic tone. "No not really I actually found a Zepheon raptor inside of the air pirates." I reply in the same tone. "Well that is a great impression of me O WISE ONE. Also great find." he says back to me. "I need to go and actually upgrade the air pirates now." I say as I leave the room. When I get there I go down through the chain entrance that the fourth raptor had shown me. I jump onto the walkway and move towards the control room. I deactivate them all and then get out of it. Once out I melt the unused armour down and get to work on the first one fixing and upgrading it in a matter of hours. After I had finished the first one I had to go off to the huge metal stores where the majority of the metal that the air pirates had gathered was. I went to the shard market a few times to restock. After two days of on and off work on the air pirates they were back how they used to be and with minor adjustments to make them more powerful.



